<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2db52dc84c60c57--2b7cf35-19ae9866821--7ebe" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Known Limitations</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes issues and limitations present in Juniper Cloud-Native Router release
      25.4.</p>
    <section id="section_zqk_5dh_xvb">
      <title>Known Issues and Limitations in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 25.4</title>
      <ul id="ul_kdl_krr_xyb">
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-12595: Cloud-Native Router deployed with Layer 2 circuit configuration reports
              Invalid Protocol error for ARP requests —</b>The Cloud-Native Router deployed with
            Layer 2 circuit configuration reports <codeph>Invalid Protocol</codeph> error for ARP
            requests received from customer edge routers for IPv4 address resolution.  </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-12583: </b><b>Cloud-Native Router deployed with Layer 2 circuit configuration
              displays Incorrect flags in the vRouter Circuit Cross Connect (CCC) table</b>—When
            deployed with Layer 2 circuit configuration, the Cloud-Native Router displays incorrect
            flags in the vRouter CCC table for specific scenarios such as underlay ECMP and
            no-control-word configured. No traffic drop is observed.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-12576: VXLAN Tunnel Endpoint (VTEP) configuration if modified does not get
              updated in the Cloud-Native Router dataplane</b>—For a Cloud-Native Router deployment
            with static VXLAN, if the VTEP configuration is modified, the change is not updated in
            the Cloud-Native Router dataplane. As a workaround, you must restart routing to update
            the change.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-12540: Cloud-Native Router deployed with SR-MPLS configuration does not
              correctly program the MPLS label for VRFs configured with
                <codeph>vrf-table-label</codeph> statement</b>—When deployed with SR-MPLS
            configuration and the VRF configured with the <codeph>vrf-table-label</codeph>
            statement, the Cloud-Native Router does not correcly program the MPLS table, resulting
            in traffic drop. The <codeph>vrf-table-label</codeph> statement enables all routes in
            the VRF routing table to be advertise with the table next hops. As a workaround, remove
            the <codeph>vrf-table-label</codeph> statement and configure static routes to advertise
            the prefixes. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-12530: Readiness checks are not supported for single-pod Cloud-Native Router
              installation</b>—Readiness checks do not run for single-pod Cloud-Native Router
            installation even if enabled in the helm chart configuration.</p>
          <!--<b>JCNR-: Layer 2 Access control lists (ACL) are not supported</b>—Cloud-Native Router deployments with L2 ACLs are not supported.-->
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>