<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_d10b2736d8af3f00--7cdfdef-1847ab4f615--7fbb" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Resolved Issues</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>probbins</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section provides information about issues that we resolved between release 22.3 and
      22.4</p>
    <section id="section_jjb_c2h_xvb">
      <title>Resolved Issues in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 22.4</title>
      <ul id="ul_cvx_d2h_xvb">
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3136: Docker Services Restart Causes Pods That Use Cloud-Native Router Kernel
              Interfaces to Enter Error State</b>–Previously, if you restarted the Docker services
            on the host server, any pod that were using cloud-native router kernel interfaces would
            enter the error state and would not recover. This issue has been resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3044: vRouter Incorrectly Programs the Scheduler Map After the User Changes
              Scheduler Priority</b>–When the agent sent the update to the vRouter about the change
            in scheduler priority, the number of rules were not reset prior to applying the update.
            This issue has been resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2989: JCNR-vRouter Randomly Drops Packets Even when Firewall Rule (ACL) Action
              is Forward</b>–I can document this, but it appears to have been internally found and
            never reported to customers. I don't think we should document something that was found
            and fixed within a single development cycle. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2903: The vRouter Logs Do Not Use the ISO Timestamp Format</b>–The vRouter
            log's timestamp format does not conform to the ISO timestamp format. This issue has been
            resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2814: In L2 Mode, the Host Server's Kernel Core Pattern is Overwritten By
              Cloud-Native Router Pods</b>–Cloud-native router pods would overwrite the
            previously-established kernel core pattern definition of the host server. This issue has
            been resolved.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>