<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_d26aa45954d81d7a--5d5cdde6-1834a3f0056--7c97" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Known Limitations</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>probbins</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Learn about known limitations in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router 22.3 release.</p>

    <section><title>Known Limitations in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 22.3</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2588: With Intel XL710 NIC if mid-haul bond link changes, traffic is not seen
              on VF</b>–If the mid-haul link for the active link goes down, all traffic might be
            dropped on the new active link. Restart the jcnr-vrouter POD as a workaround.</p>
        </li>
        <li><p><b>JCNR-2607: After restart of vRouter or vRouter-agent, bond interface does not show
              in vif --list output</b>–In some rare cases, if you restart either the vRouter-DPDK or
            vRouter-agent containers, the </p>vRouter might not show the bond interface in the
          output of the <codeph>vif --list</codeph> command.</li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2471: Stale interface entries found in vRouter even after deleting all
              JCNR-related Pods</b>–In some rare cases, if you create and delete the same Pods
            multiple times old interface entries might appear in the output of the <codeph>vif
              --list</codeph> command.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2276: MBUF memory pool leak</b>–When packetgen pods are deleted and re-created
            repeatedly soon after traffic is applied, an mbuf mempool leak is observed. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2205: L2 rate limiting does not work when configured for more than 1000000
              Bps</b>–If rate limiting is configured for more that 1000000 Bps, JCNR-vRouter will
            only rate limit at 1000000 Bps.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2043: DPDK bond interface can fail to come up</b>–If the physical interface
            (PF) link is down, a VF interface based on that PF interface does not come up.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2400: Misleading License notification seen : LICENSE_TOKEN_REFRESH_FAILURE -
              License token refresh of feature 243 and quantity 1 has failed due to license
              deletion</b>–This notification can appear when adding or deleting pods. It is safe to
            ignore this notification.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2423: vRouter Pod crashes when traffic loop is present due to
              misconfiguration</b>–The traffic loop causes continuous MAC move events between bond
            and switch interface.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-1413: All interfaces on host shown in cRPD</b>–If you use the cRPD CLI and run
            a show interfaces command like <codeph>show interfaces routing</codeph>, the system
            displays all interfaces known to the host, even those that do not belong to Juniper
            Cloud-Native Router.</p>
        </li>
      </ul></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>