<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2db52dc84c60c57--2b7cf35-19ae9866821--7ebd" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>New and Updated Features</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes the new features in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router 25.4 release.</p>
    <section>
      <title>New Features in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 25.4</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support to deploy Cloud-Native Router as a single pod in pod network
            namespace</b>—Cloud-Native Router can deployed as a single pod in pod network namespace
            for increased security, simplified deployment and enhanced portability. This is
            supported for deployments on Rocky Linux or Ubuntu OS and can be used for pure container
            network function (CNF) deployments only. We support Nokia CPU Pooler CPU allocation for
            this deployment mode.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for KubeVirt-based VMs</b>—The Cloud-Native Router supports networking for
            KubeVirt-based VMs as a secondary CNI. It creates vhost-user interfaces for a DPDK
            capable KubeVirt-based VM. You can create Layer 3 interfaces with L3 virtual routing and
            forwarding (VRF) instances.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for TI-LFA node protection</b>—Cloud-Native Router supports
            Topology-Independent Loop-Free Alternates (TI-LFA) for SR-MPLS implementations with link
            and node failure protection. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>New commands for reporting L2 statistics</b>—The <codeph>purel2cli</codeph> vRouter
            troubleshooting command is deprecated with L2 statistics now reported as part of various
            other vRouter commands including <codeph>vif</codeph>, <codeph>bd</codeph> and
              <codeph>rt</codeph>.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>