<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_73c1001ccde8abf9-1ccac70-18dea8feb50--7e65" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Known Limitations</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes issues and limitations present in Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR)
      release 24.1.</p>
    <section id="section_zqk_5dh_xvb">
      <title>Known Issues and Limitations in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 24.1</title>
      <ul id="ul_kdl_krr_xyb">
        <!--24.1 known issues <TBC, list rolled over from 23.4-->
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-6166: Modifying the route-distinguisher of an active routing-instance is not
              supported</b>— JCNR does not support modifying the route-distinguisher of an active
            routing-instance and the event is considered catastrophic. To modify the
            route-distinguisher deactivate the routing-instance, make the change and activate the
            routing-instance.</p>
        </li>
        <li><b>JCNR-6339: JCNR configured with BGP unnumbered peering on L3 sub-interfaces
            intermittently causes component pods to crash</b>—When L3 VLAN sub-interfaces are
          configured on JCNR with BGP unnumbered peering, the cRPD and vRouter pods may crash
          intermittently when restarted. The pods may recover themselves or may require another
          restart. </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-6383: Routes are not propagating between VRF changes for an interface</b>— When
            an interface is moved to a different VRF, any existing routes are not properly
            reconfigured since the ARP or NDP nexthops are resolved using the interface's previous
            VRF.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-6211: Setting an MTU higher than the recommended 1500 bytes on JCNR interfaces
              for Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform deployments results in BGP flapping</b>— Azure
            Cloud Platform recommends an MTU &lt;=1500 on interfaces. If JCNR is deployed using a
            fabric interface with MTU higher than 1500 bytes, it results in packet drops while
            sending BGP updates and eventually BGP flapping. </p>
        </li>
        <li><b>JCNR-4248: Keepalived cores are generated when VRRP is initially configured in
            cRPD</b>— When VRRP is initially configured in cRPD or deleted and re-configured,
          keepalived cores are generated in the <codeph>/var/crash</codeph> directory.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>