<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_d10b2736d8af3f00--7cdfdef-1847ab4f615--7fbc" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>New and Updated Features</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>probbins</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes the new features in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router 22.4 release.</p>

    <section>
      <title>New Features in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 22.4</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for L2 or L3 Operation</b>–Juniper Cloud-Native Router now supports
            deployment in either L2 or L3 mode. In L2 mode, cloud-native router operates as a switch
            while in L3 mode, cloud-native router operates as a router. The deployment mode is a one
            or the other choice. Cloud-native router does not support simultaneous operation in both
            L2 and L3 modes.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Dual Stack Pod Network (IPv4/IPv6)</b>–In L3 mode, the pod network in Juniper
            Cloud-Native Router is divided into an IPv6 underlay network and an IPv4/IPv6 overlay
            network. The IPv6 underlay network is used for control plane traffic such as BGP, OSPF,
            and IS-IS.</p>
          <p>The IPv4/IPv6 overlay network is used for traffic sent and received by the user pods
            created in the compute nodes connected to the JCNR-vRouter.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for BGP, OSPF, and IS-IS Routing Protocols</b>–In L3 mode, the cloud-native
            router control-plane (cRPD) uses an IPv6 underlay network supported, in turn, by the
            JCNR-vRouter data plane. Control plane traffic such as BGP, OSPF, and IS-IS protocols
            are routed over this IPv6 underlay network.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for SR-MPLS</b>–In L3 mode, Juniper Cloud-Native Router supports
            control-plane allocated SR-MPLS (over IPv4 and IPv6) tunnels that the JCNR-vRouter uses
            to route overlay traffic from user pods.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>L2 Support for QoS Enforcement</b>–In L2 mode, Juniper Cloud-Native Router supports
            scheduling for near-real time and non-real time CoS using pBits classification, and
            marking and re-marking for pBits.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Enhancements to MPLS over UDP Support</b>–In L3 mode, Juniper Cloud-Native Router
            supports MPLS over the UDP protocol (MPLSoUDP). In this release the we have enhanced
            MPLSoUDP support for to allow:</p>
          <ul id="ul_lt4_yyz_wvb">
            <li>
              <p>MPLS LSP over a single UDP tunnel</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Multiple UDP tunnels</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>MPLSoUDP on VLAN tagged and untagged Ethernet interfaces</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Service L3 VPN</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>BUM Traffic Limiting Enhancements</b>–In addition to existing support for
            rate-limiting of broadcast and multicast traffic in L2 mode, Juniper Cloud-Native router
            now supports rate limiting of unknown unicast packets. You control rate limits within
            the system using storm control profiles. The vrouter cli (purel2 CLI) now shows rate
            limiting configuration per VLAN or bridge domain.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>L2 API to Force Bond Link Switchover</b>–For bond interface connections on cascaded
            nodes in L2 mode, cloud-native router now allows you to switch traffic from the active
            to the standby interface using an API call.</p>
        </li>
      </ul></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>