<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_3467f701db4d427a--6771078f-186d00ab700--7e65" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Preventing Local Switching</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Starting in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.1, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>provides support to prevent
      interfaces in a bridge domain that are a part of the same VLAN group, from transmitting
      ethernet frame copies in between those interfaces. The <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath>
      key provides the option to enable the functionality on the selected VLAN IDs. </p>
    <note>
      <p>The <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> functionality is a Technology Preview feature in
        the Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.1.</p>
    </note>
    <p>To prevent interfaces in a bridge domain from transmitting and receiving ethernet frame
      copies, enable the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> key and assign a VLAN ID to it to
      ensure that the interfaces belonging to the VLAN ID do not transmit frames to one another.
      Note that the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> functionality is enabled only on the
      access interfaces. To enable <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> on a trunk interface that
      is a part of the same VLAN ID, you have to separately enable the trunk interface by setting
      the <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath> key in the trunk interface to
        <filepath>true</filepath>. Use the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> functionality when
      you want to block interfaces that are a part of a VLAN group to stop transmitting traffic
      directly to one another.</p>
    <note>
      <p>For all the trunk interfaces and access interfaces, cRPD isolates traffic for the bridge
        domains configured with <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath>.</p>
    </note>
    <p>To prevent local switching, perform the steps below prior to the deploy time:</p>
    <ol id="ol_dv3_bsq_wwb">
      <li>
        <p>Edit the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file in
              <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>&lt;release-number&gt;</varname>/helmchart</filepath>
          directory.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>Enable the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> key and provide the VLAN IDs.</p>
        <note>
          <ol id="ol_zvr_pwq_wwb">
            <li>
              <p>The value for the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> key can be an indivdual
                VLAN ID, or multipe comma-separated VLAN ID values, or a VLAN ID range, or a
                combination of comma-separated VLAN ID values and a VLAN ID range. For example,
                  <filepath>noLocalSwitching: [700, 701, 705-710]</filepath>.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>With this step the feature is enabled for all access interfaces having the
                specified VLAN ID. You can skip the next step if you do not want to enable the
                feature on the trunk interface.</p>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </note>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>To enable the feature on a trunk interface, add the key
            <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath> and set it to <filepath>true</filepath> under
          the trunk interface configuration.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>Install or upgrade <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>using the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath>.</p>
      </li>
    </ol>
    <subsection id="subsection_qq1_1xq_wwb">
      <title>Example</title>
      <codeblock>
  ####################################################################
  #                            L2 PARAMS                             #
  ####################################################################

  <b>noLocalSwitching: [700]</b>

  # fabricInterface: NGDU or tor side interface, expected all types 
  # of traffic; interface_mode is always trunk for this mode
  fabricInterface:
  - bond0:
      interface_mode: trunk
      vlan-id-list: [100, 200, 300, 700-705]
      storm-control-profile: rate_limit_pf1
      #native-vlan-id: 100
      <b>no-local-switching: true</b>

  # fabricWorkloadInterface: RU side interfaces, expected traffic is only 
  # management/control traffic; interface mode can be trunk or access
  # NOTE: only one vlan can be specified in case of access interfaces 
  # (as opposed to multiple vlans in trunk mode)
  fabricWorkloadInterface:
  - enp59s0f1v0:
      interface_mode: access
      vlan-id-list: [700]
</codeblock>
    </subsection>
    <p>To know all the interfaces that are enabled for <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath>
      functionality on all the VLANs, connect to the vRouter agent by executing the command
        <codeph>kubectl exec -it -n contrail contrail-vrouter-<varname>&lt;agent
          container&gt;</varname> -- bash</codeph> command, and then run the command
        <codeph>purel2cli --nolocal show</codeph>. A sample output is shown below.</p>
    <codeblock>[root@nodep25 /]# purel2cli --nolocal show​
============================​
vlan    no_local_switch_list​
============================​
100     1, 2, 4,​
200​
300​
700​
701​
702​
703​
​​</codeblock>
    <p>To check if <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> functionality is enabled on a specific VLAN
      ID, connect to the vRouter agent by executing the command <codeph>kubectl exec -it -n contrail
          contrail-vrouter-<varname>&lt;agent container&gt;</varname> -- bash</codeph> command, and
      then run the command <codeph>purel2cli --nolocal get <varname>&lt;VLAN
        ID&gt;</varname></codeph>. A sample output is shown below.</p>
    <codeblock>[root@nodep25 /]# purel2cli --nolocal get 100​
============================​
vlan    no_local_switch_list​
============================​
100     1, 2, 4,​
​​</codeblock>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>