<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_e54c47da3e22fce6-b4e4011-1867cfab8a9--7fdb" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Resolved Issues</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section provides information about issues that we resolved between release 22.4 and
      23.1.</p>
    <section id="section_jjb_c2h_xvb">
      <title>Resolved Issues in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.1</title>
      <ul id="ul_s3x_zrv_ywb">
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2788: contrail-k8s-deployer pod in crash loop even though vrouter pods are
              up</b>—Previously, on doing a vrouter upgrade between 22.4 containers , the
            contrail-k8s deployer would be in a crash loop for a longer duration before it could
            come up even while vRouter pods were up. This issue has been resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2980: Fabric workload trunk interface is coming up as access with no config in
              cRPD after deployment</b>—The fabric workload trunk interface configured in the
              <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file before deployment would be deployed as an access
            interface with no configuration in cRPD after the deployment. This issue has been
            resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-2802: Drop counters are updating with RX pkt count for pod interfaces when
              traffic is received even traffic drop is not existed</b>—The drop counters were
            incremented when traffic was received on the pod interface (ingress) in the vRouter even
            while the traffic was not dropped and transmitting correctly on the fabric interface.
            This issue has been resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3171: L2 ACL is not getting programmed in cRPD and vRouter intermittently in
              certain scenario</b>—The layer 2 firewall filters (ACL) was not getting programmed in
            cRPD and vRouter in certain scenarios like vRouter crash or Juniper Cloud-Native Router
            installation using helm with the ACL configuration in the template. This issue has been
            resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3173: After fresh deploy of JCNR, the pods Vif has invalid vrf</b>—After
            deploying a fresh version of JCNR, the <filepath>vif</filepath> pods would have invalid
              <filepath>vrf</filepath>. This issue has been resolved.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>