<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_16e9ffdde92d095d--4c26246f-1898c6bf578--7caf" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Begin</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>In this guide, we will provide a simple, three-step path, to quickly get you up and running
      with Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) on Red Hat® OpenShift® Container Platform (OCP). We'll
      show you how to install and configure the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>release 23.2 as a container network interface
      (CNI) on the worker nodes of an OCP cluster to provide Layer 3 connectivity between customer
      workloads. Depending on the complexity of your design, other tasks may be required in addition
      to the ones included in this workflow.</p>

    <section><title>Meet Juniper Cloud-Native Router</title>
      <p>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) is a container-based software solution that combines
        the JCNR-controller (cRPD-based control plane) and the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>vRouter (DPDK-enabled
        forwarding/data plane). With the cloud-native router, you can enable Junos OS-based
        switching control with enhanced forwarding capabilities. The <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>controller, running on a
        Kubernetes (K8s) compute host, provides control plane management functionality and uses the
        forwarding capabilities provided by either the Linux kernel or the DPDK-enabled <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>vRouter. DPDK is an open source set of libraries and drivers. It enables fast packet
        processing by allowing network interface cards (NICs) to send direct memory access (DMA)
        packets directly into an application's address space. The applications poll for packets to
        avoid the overhead of interrupts from the NIC. Integrating the DPDK allows a vRouter to
        process more packets per second than is possible when the vRouter runs as a kernel module.
        In this integrated solution, the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Controller uses gPRC-based services to exchange
        messages and to communicate with the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>vRouter, thus creating a fully functional Cloud
        Native Router. This close communication allows you to learn about fabric and workload
        interfaces, provision DPDK or kernel-based interfaces for K8s pods as needed and configure
        IPv4 and IPv6 address allocation for pods. </p></section>
    <section id="section_nc5_tyr_gyb">
      <title>Get Ready</title>
      <p><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>is supported on the following OpenShift platforms:</p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_nvb_4zr_gyb" rowsep="1">
        <title>JCNR-OCP System Requirements</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Component</entry>
              <entry>Value/Version</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>OpenShift</entry>
              <entry>4.12.0</entry>
              <entry>The K8s version is 1.25.4</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p>Ensure you have a valid <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>license. You can request for a license key from the JAL
        portal.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_zb5_21s_gyb">
      <title>Install Juniper Cloud-Native Router</title>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <p>Download the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>tarball,
              <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_release_nunber.tgz</codeph> from the <xref format="html" href="https://support.juniper.net/support/downloads/?p=jcnr" scope="external">Juniper Support Site</xref>, to a directory on your host machine. You
            must perform the file transfer in binary mode when transferring the file to your server,
            so that the compressed tar file expands properly.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Expand the file
            <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_&lt;release-number&gt;.tgz</codeph>.</p>
          <codeblock>tar xzvf Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_&lt;release-number&gt;.tgz</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Change directory to
              <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<i>&lt;release-number&gt;</i></codeph>.</p>
          <codeblock>cd Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_&lt;release-number&gt;</codeblock>
          <note>
            <p>All remaining steps in the installation assume that your current working directory is
              now Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_&lt;release-number&gt;.</p>
          </note>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>View the contents in the current directory.</p>
          <codeblock>ls
contrail-tools  helmchart  images  README.md  secrets</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Upload the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>images to local docker using the <codeph>docker load</codeph>
            command.</p>
          <codeblock>docker load -i images/jcnr-images.tar.gz</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Enter the root password for your host server and your Juniper Cloud-Native Router
            license file into the secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml file. You must enter the password and
            license in base64 encoded format. Apply the secrets.</p>
          <codeblock>kubectl apply -f secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml
namespace/jcnr created
secret/jcnr-secrets created</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Customize the helm chart for your deployment using the
              <codeph>helmchart/values.yaml</codeph> file. You must configure the fabric interfaces
            and the number of replicas based on your setup. The <codeph>cni_bin_dir</codeph> must be
            configured for OCP. A sample <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> file for OCP is provided
            below. </p>
          <codeblock>global:
  registry: enterprise-hub.juniper.net/

  common:
    vrouter:
      repository: atom-docker/cn2/bazel-build/dev/
      tag: R23.2-156
    crpd:
      repository: junos-docker-local/warthog/
      tag: 23.2R1.14
    jcnrcni:
      repository: junos-docker-local/warthog/
      tag: 23.2-20230628-8cf4350

  replicas: "2"

  fabricInterface:
    - ens1f0
    - ens1f1
  log_level: "DEBUG"
  log_path: "/var/log/jcnr/"
  syslog_notifications: "/var/log/jcnr/jcnr_notifications.json"
  nodeAffinity:
  - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/worker
    operator: Exists
  - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master
    operator: DoesNotExist

  cni_bin_dir: /var/lib/cni/bin

jcnr-vrouter:
  restoreInterfaces: false
  mtu: "9000"
  cpu_core_mask: "2,3"
  ddp: true
  qosEnable: false
  multinode: true
  corePattern: "/var/crash/core-%e.%p.%h.%t"
  coreFilePath: /var/crash
  vrouter_dpdk_uio_driver: "vfio-pci"</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Deploy the Juniper Cloud-Native Router using the helm chart.Navigate to the
              <codeph>helmchart</codeph> directory and run the command provided below.</p>
          <codeblock>helm install jcnr .</codeblock>
          <codeblock>NAME: jcnr
LAST DEPLOYED: Fri Jun 23 06:04:33 2023
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Verify the installation.</p>
          <codeblock>helm ls</codeblock>
          <p>Sample Output:</p>
          <codeblock>NAME		NAMESPACE	REVISION		UPDATED                                	STATUS  		CHART                  	APP VERSION
jcnr		default  	1       		2023-06-23 06:04:33.144611017 -0400 EDT	deployed		jcnr-23.2.0				23.2.0</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Ensure the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>pods are running.</p>
          <codeblock>kubectl get pods -A -o wide | egrep "jcnr|contrail"</codeblock>
          <p>Sample Output:</p>
          <codeblock>contrail-deploy                                    contrail-k8s-deployer-6489b59fd6-5r8lb                       1/1     Running            0              4d3h    192.168.10.111   ocp-worker1       &lt;none&gt;           &lt;none&gt;
contrail                                           contrail-vrouter-nodes-6gwnq                                 3/3     Running            0              4d3h    192.168.10.111   ocp-worker1       &lt;none&gt;           &lt;none&gt;
contrail                                           contrail-vrouter-nodes-kjchz                                 3/3     Running            0              4d3h    192.168.10.114   ocp-worker2       &lt;none&gt;           &lt;none&gt;
jcnr                                               kube-crpd-worker-sts-0                                       1/1     Running            0              4d3h    192.168.10.111   ocp-worker1       &lt;none&gt;           &lt;none&gt;
jcnr                                               kube-crpd-worker-sts-1                                       1/1     Running            0              4d3h    192.168.10.114   ocp-worker2       &lt;none&gt;           &lt;none&gt;
jcnr                                               syslog-ng-fzkrv                                              1/1     Running            0              4d3h    192.168.10.114   ocp-worker2       &lt;none&gt;           &lt;none&gt;
jcnr                                               syslog-ng-hnxx4                                              1/1     Running            0              4d3h    192.168.10.111   ocp-worker1       &lt;none&gt;           &lt;none&gt;</codeblock>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>