<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_4aaf1198aa55cb1e--58191db5-18c4bbca5e8--7f60" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Resolved Issues</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section provides information about issues that were resolved between releases 23.3 and
      23.4.</p>
    <section id="section_jjb_c2h_xvb">
      <title>Resolved Issues in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.4</title>
      <ul id="ul_ymw_nmr_xyb">
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4070: Core path not updated as per values.yaml</b>—Previously, the core path
            was not updated as defined under the <codeph>corePattern</codeph> attribute in
              <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file. It was necessary to define the
              <codeph>core_pattern</codeph> value on the host before deploying JCNR. This issue is
            now resolved. The <codeph>core_pattern</codeph> is now derived from the
              <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4950: Notification for "Config Failure, Config OK, JCNR CLI Start, JCNR CLI
              Stop" are not triggering</b>—Previously, the following JCNR notifications were not
            shown when triggered:</p>
          <ul id="ul_fpd_kn2_vzb">
            <li>
              <p>Config Failure—is triggered if there is a failure while providing custom
                configuration during JCNR deployment.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Config OK—is triggered while providing custom configuration during JCNR
                deployment.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>JCNR CLI Start—is triggered when running <codeph>cli</codeph> in the cRPD
                shell.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>JCNR CLI Stop—is triggered while exiting the CLI mode after entering
                  <codeph>exit</codeph> in the cRPD shell.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>