<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_4a0a09aed70b77da--50508d9c-19014de23ff--7faa" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>New and Updated Features</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes the new features in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) 24.2
      release.</p>
    <section>
      <title>New Features in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 24.2</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><b>Layer3-Layer4 Access Control Lists (Firewall Filters)</b>—Starting with Juniper
            Cloud-Native Router Release 24.1, we support stateless firewall filters. Firewall
            filters provide a means of protecting the cloud-native router from excessive traffic
            transiting the router to a network destination or destined for the Routing Engine. A
            stateless firewall filter, also known as an access control list (ACL), does not
            statefully inspect traffic. Instead, it evaluates packet contents statically and does
            not keep track of the state of network connections. JCNR supports the IPv4 and IPv6
            standard firewall filters with specific match conditions and actions.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>SRv6 Micro-SIDs Support</b>: JCNR supports SRv6 micro-SIDs. SRv6 is a segment
            routing paradigm applied to an IPv6 underlay with a new IPv6 extension header called
            Segment Routing Header (SRH). If a packet is required to be guided via multiple nodes,
            the SRv6-SIDs need to be stacked up using the SRH. This presents additional bandwidth
            and processing overhead. Thus, micro-SIDs are envisaged where multiple SRV6-addresses
            can be compressed into a single IPv6-address, greatly reducing bandwidth overhead and
            requirement of SRH for up to 6 typical SRv6-SIDs. JCNR supports specific features for
            SRv6 micro-SIDs, including support for flex-algorithm.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>SR-MPLS Flex-Algo Support</b>: JCNR now supports flexible-algorithm (flex-algo) for
            SR-MPLS implementations.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR Telemetry via gNMI</b>: JCNR now supports telemetry data via gNMI derived both
            from vRouter and cRPD. The gNMI protocol defines the <codeph>Subscribe</codeph> RPC for
            subscribing to telemetry data. The telemetry collector uses this RPC to request updates
            from the network device for state and configuration data. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR eBPF XDP Datapath</b>: The JCNR vRouter forwarding plane supports the extended
            Berkley Packet Filter (eBPF) eXpress Data Path (XDP) datapath for high-speed packet
            processing as a Juniper Networks technology preview feature. A Linux kernel technology,
            eBPF executes user-defined programs inside a sandbox virtual machine. It enables
            low-level networking programs to execute with optimal performance. The XDP framework
            enables high-speed packet processing for the eBPF programs. JCNR supports XDP in native
            (driver) mode on Baremetal servers for specific drivers only.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Manage vRouter Performance with Kubernetes CPU Manager</b>: JCNR now provides the
            ability to manage the CPU allocation for the vRouter agent and vRouter DPDK pods using
            Kubernetes CPU manager. </p>
        </li>
        <li><b>Full Support for Azure deployment </b>—JCNR now fully supports deployment on
          Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform.</li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Mellanox NICs</b>: JCNR supports the Mellanox ConnectX-6 and ConnectX-7
            NICs as a Juniper Networks technology preview (Tech Preview) feature.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>TWAMP Support</b>: JCNR now supports managed and light Two-Way Active Measurement
            Protocol (TWAMP) implementation. TWAMP is a network performance measurement and
            monitoring service used for active performance monitoring of 5G transport networks. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Configlet Custom Resource for JCNR Configuration</b>: JCNR configuration is now
            supported using a configlet custom resource. The configlet can be generated either by
            rendering a predefined template of supported Junos configuration or using raw
            configuration. The generated configuration is validated and deployed on the JCNR
            controller (cRPD) as one or more Junos configuration groups.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for VMWare Tanzu Deployment</b>: JCNR is now supported on the VMware Tanzu
            platform. VMware Tanzu allows you to run Kubernetes natively in your VMware vSphere
            environment.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Wind River Cloud Platform Pre-Bound Interfaces</b>: We now allow you to pre-bind
            your JCNR interfaces to DPDK for L3 mode deployments. Pre-binding interfaces to DPDK is
            typical for Wind River installations.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR AWS VPC Gateway</b>: The JCNR AWS VPC Gateway is a turnkey JCNR-based
            application that connects your EKS cluster running MetalLB with your on-premises cluster
            over EVPN-VXLAN. It runs in its own EKS cluster using custom resources that make use of
            the underlying JCNR implementation.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>