<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_4aaf1198aa55cb1e--58191db5-18c4bbca5e8--7f62" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Known Limitations</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes issues and limitations present in Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR)
      release 23.4.</p>
    <section id="section_zqk_5dh_xvb">
      <title>Known Issues and Limitations in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.4</title>
      <ul id="ul_kdl_krr_xyb">
        <!--23.4 known issues-->
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-5647: L2 frames with non-default priority are being dropped on bond
              interface</b>—L2 QoS is not supported in Juniper Cloud-Native Router release 23.4.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-5627: IPv6 traffic limitation on IRB interface</b>—JCNR does not allow IPv6
            packets with size above 1490 through an IRB interface. Ensure you do not allow IPv6
            traffic with a packet size surpassing 1490 to pass through an IRB interface to avert
            packet drops and to maintain stable performance.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-5621: [ECMP] Flow stickiness not working, tested with two and three ECMP paths
              and just two flows</b>—Flow stickiness for IPv6 traffic with SR-MPLS is
            non-functional.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-5581: After vrouter restart, the vif mtu gets reset to 9000 (default)
              irrespective of the value set by cprd</b>—The maximum transmission unit (MTU) is reset
            to its default value when the vRouter restarts, even though the cRPD shows a different
            value. If required, you need to manually set the required value after the vRouter
            restarts.</p>
        </li>
        <!--<li><p><b>JCNR-5569: JCNR-L2: agent/vrouter goes into a crash after deploying/launching a pod</b>—For a deployment with a large number of VLANs per port, when you launch or deploy a pod the agent or the vRouter may go into a crash loop.</p></li>Vinita and Vinod asked me to remove it from Rel notes as it is a crash related bug.-->
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-5521: JCNR-L3: JCNR on GCP instance N16-standard, vrouter stops forwarding soon
              after it is up</b>—JCNR deployment on Google Cloud Platform (GCP) supports only
            N8-standard for VM deployments. The N16-standard is not supported.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-5520: Invalid route calculation by OSPF protocol after vrouter pod
            restart</b>—If the vRouter pod is restarted then there could be issues with OSPF
            protocol functioning. As a workaround, restart the cRPD pod whenever the vRouter pod
            restarts.</p>
        </li>
        <!--<b>JCNR-5505: DPDK mbuf leak with 2K txd / rxd on E810 and x710 nic</b>—Customer found defect which is not replicable. As of now this should not be added to the list. Vinod will let me know if this needs to be added.-->
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4827: JCNR L3 GCP: IPv6 underlay isn't working once interface being part of
              JCNR as fabric interface</b>—JCNR does not support IPv6 underlay interfaces in GCP
            deployments.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>