<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7867" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>New and Updated Features</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes the new features in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) 23.2
      release.</p>

    <section>
      <title>New Features in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.2</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR as a Transit Gateway</b>—JCNR can now act as a transit gateway for external
            traffic. As a transit gateway, JCNR is neither the source nor the destination for the
            traffic, but an intermediate hop. It acts as a vanilla router to switch traffic between
            multiple physical interfaces. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>L2, L3 or L2-L3 deployment mode with a unified helm chart</b>— JCNR can be deployed
            in L2, L3 or L2-L3 mode. The mode is auto-derived based on the interface configuration
            in the <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> manifest. A single unified
              <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> is available to configure JCNR at the time of
            deployment.</p>
          <note>
            <p>The L2-L3 deployment mode is a Technology Preview feature in the Juniper Cloud-Native
              Router Release 23.2.</p>
          </note>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Enabling Dynamic Device Personalization (DDP) on Individual Interfaces</b>—Dynamic
            Device Personalization (DDP) is a technology that enables programmable packet processing
            pipeline provided by Intel as a profile to their NICs. JCNR now supports enabling
            Dynamic Device Personalization (DDP) on individual interfaces along with the previously
            supported global <codeph>ddp</codeph> setting.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>VLAN sub-interfaces support on L3 mode</b>—JCNR now supports the use of VLAN
            sub-interfaces in L3 mode along with the previously supported L2 mode.</p>
          <note>
            <p>The VLAN sub-interfaces support specifically in L3 mode is a Technology Preview
              feature in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.2.</p>
          </note>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Virtual Routing Instances (VRF-Lite)</b>— JCNR now supports virtual
            routing instances. Virtual routing instances allow administrators to divide a the
            cloud-native router into multiple independent virtual routers, each with its own routing
            table. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>BGP Unnumbered support</b>— JCNR now supports BGP IPv6 Unnumbered peering. This
            feature allows BGP to auto-discover and to create peer neighbor sessions using the
            link-local IPv6 addresses of directly connected neighbors. BGP unnumbered is supported
            in the default VRF (VRF-0) and virtual routing instances (virtual-router).</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol (VRRP)</b>— When JCNR is deployed in
            the containerized network function (CNF) mode in cloud deployments, the VRRP unicast can
            be used to decide between the active and backup JCNR nodes.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Equal-cost multipath (ECMP)</b>— JCNR now supports both overlay and
            underlay ECMP. The cloud-native router supports ECMP for both Container Network
            Interface (CNI) and transit router modes.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for IPv4 and IPv6 MPLSoUDP</b>—The cloud-native router supports IPv4 and
            IPv6 MPLSoUDP traffic as a sending, receiving or transit router. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>New license key for JCNR</b>—Starting with JCNR Release 23.2, the JCNR license
            format has changed. Request a new license key from the Juniper Agile Licensing (JAL)
            portal before deploying or upgrading to JCNR Release 23.2.</p>
        </li>
        <li><b>Support for JCNR customization during deployment</b>— JCNR now supports JCNR
          customizations via node annotations and custom configuration template at the time of JCNR
          deployment for L3 modes.</li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Deployment support for AWS EKS and OpenShift</b>— JCNR now supports deployment in
            AWS EKS and OpenShift environments. </p>
        </li>
      </ul></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>