<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b6e672da6d9e182f-4ad6723b-18a844416ef--7782" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Known Limitations</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes issues and limitations present in Juniper Cloud-Native Router release
      23.3.</p>
    <section id="section_zqk_5dh_xvb">
      <title>Known Issues and Limitations in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.3</title>
      <ul id="ul_kdl_krr_xyb">
        <!--23.3 known issues-->
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4036: V4/V6 address disappears after changing prefix length by doing delete
              then set and then commit</b>—When the prefix of an IPv4 or IPv6 address of a fabric
            interface is changed using the cRPD CLI, if the commands to delete and set the
            interfaces are executed one after the other and then committed on the CLI, then the
            routes of the interface are erased from the system. However, the routes are retained,
            and the change is successful, if the <codeph>delete</codeph> command is executed and
            committed, and then the <codeph>set</codeph> command is executed and committed.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4070: Core path not updated as per values.yaml</b>— The core path is not
            updated as defined under the <codeph>corePattern</codeph> attribute in values.yaml. The
              <codeph>core_pattern</codeph> value must be defined on the host before deploying JCNR.
            Please see System Requirements for more detail.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4171: Ping between IPv6 kernel pod interfaces intermittently fails</b>—Ping
            between IPv6 kernel pod interfaces with JCNR deployed as a CNI in L3 mode fails
            intermittently with <codeph>Destination unreachable: Address unreachable</codeph> error
            message. It is recommended to disable ipv6 forwarding globally on the host as a
            workaround.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4248: Keepalived cores are generated when VRRP is initially configured in
              cRPD</b>— When VRRP is initially configured in cRPD or deleted and re-configured,
            keepalived cores are generated in the <codeph>/var/crash</codeph> directory. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4950: Notification for "Config Failure, Config OK, JCNR CLI Start, JCNR CLI
              Stop" are not triggering</b>—The following JCNR notifications are not shown when
            triggered:</p>
          <ul id="ul_uwk_nbs_xyb">
            <li>
              <p>Config Failure—is triggered if there is a failure while providing custom
                configuration during JCNR deployment. </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Config OK—is triggered while providing custom configuration during JCNR deployment. </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>JCNR CLI Start—is triggered when running <codeph>cli</codeph> in the cRPD shell. </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>JCNR CLI Stop—is triggered while exiting the CLI mode after entering
                  <codeph>exit</codeph> in the cRPD shell. </p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4956: DDP flows programmed on PF is not shown in dpdkinfo</b>—The
              <codeph>dpdkinfo</codeph> command is used to show DDP flows programmed on the NIC.
            This command can be used for E810 VF, XXV810, and X710 PF. For E810 PF, this support is
            not available from DPDK. Refer the vrouter-dpdk logs to see the programmed flows. </p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>