<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_853cadf3bbccede8--7444e1be-192651e83d1--7fc3" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>New and Updated Features</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes the new features in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) 24.3
      release.</p>
    <section>
      <title>New Features in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 24.3</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Topology-Independent Loop-Free Alternates (TI-LFA) with fast reroute
              (FRR)</b>—JCNR supports implementing Topology-Independent Loop-Free Alternates
            (TI-LFA) with fast reroute (FRR) in SR-MPLS. TI-LFA is supported on IS-IS
            implementations for SR-MPLS. It is also supported on OSPF implementations as a
            technology preview feature. Only protection against link failure is supported with one
            primary and one secondary (backup) path. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Layer-3 Class of Service (CoS)</b>—Juniper Cloud-Native Router supports
            Layer 3 Class of Service (CoS), also known as L3 Quality of Service (QoS). JCNR supports
            the following classifiers, policers and rewrite/marker implementations:</p>
          <ul id="ul_ud2_zgx_ycc">
            <li>
              <p>Behavior Aggregate (BA) and Multifield (MF) classifiers</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Single-rate three-color marker (srTCM) and Two-rate three-color marker (trTCM)
                policers</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Rewrite rules supports copying outer IPv4/IPv6 DSCP marking to inner IP header DSCP
                field as well as MPLS EXP bit marking</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Additional support for L3/L4 Access Lists</b>—JCNR now supports MPLS protocol family
            for L3/L4 access lists. It also supports additional match nonterminating actions
            including syslog, routing-instance, forwarding class and policer.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Additional Telemetry Support</b>—JCNR now supports telemetry for interfaces extended
            statistics, firewall filter counters and TI-LFA statistics via Prometheus and gNMI. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Readiness Check during JCNR installation</b>—JCNR now supports readiness
            preflight and postflight checks during installation. Preflight checks verify that your
            infrastructure can support JCNR and take place before JCNR is installed. Postflight
            checks verify that your JCNR installation is working properly and take place after JCNR
            is installed.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Ubuntu OS</b>—JCNR now supports Ubuntu OS as a supported operating
            system for installation on bare metal servers.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for configuring cRPD using CLI or NETCONF</b>—JCNR supports configuring cRPD
            via CLI or NETCONF. The flag <varname>enableLocalPersistence</varname> must be enabled
            in the helm chart.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>