<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_1fe8c19c93e484a1-3d56e3a3-1830013ced9--7985" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>L2 - Add User Pod with <codeph>virtio</codeph> Trunk Ports to a Cloud-Native Router
        Instance</title>
    <shortdesc>Read this topic to learn how to add a user pod with a VLAN sub-interface to an
        instance of the cloud-native router.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>dgv</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <concept id="xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1" xml:lang="en-US">
        <title>Overview</title>
        <prolog>
            <author>dgv</author>
            <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
            <data name="cli-help-text"/>
            <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
        </prolog>
        <conbody>
            <p>To add a user pod to the cloud-native router, your high-level tasks are:</p>
            <?oxy_insert_start author="schoudhury" timestamp="20221125T034521-0800"?>
            <ul id="ul_uxg_zyd_qvb">
                <?oxy_insert_end?>
                <li>
                    <p>Apply a network attachment definition (NAD) to your cluster.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Apply a pod YAML file to your cloud-native router cluster.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Throughout this example, we use the  <codeph>kubectl</codeph> command with various
                options. You must run this command on the host-server CLI.</p>
            <section id="section_i5x_zk4_q5b">
                <title>High-Level Steps</title>
                <p>In this example, we assume that you are adding the first user pod to your newly
                    installed cloud-native router. Therefore, we provide the steps to create a new
                    NAD and then add the new user pod.</p>
                <p>Below is a list of the individual steps we take in this example. Each step in the
                    list is a link to the detailed description of the step.</p>
                <ol id="ul_brp_xh4_q5b">
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_iy3_3w5_q5b" format="dita">View the
                                vRouter interface list</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_bvd_jw5_q5b" format="dita">Examine
                                the example NAD YAML file</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_axt_jw5_q5b" format="dita">Apply the
                                NAD to the cluster</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_kc3_kw5_q5b" format="dita">Verify the
                                NAD</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_umz_kw5_q5b" format="dita">Examine
                                the example Pod YAML file</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_vzt_lw5_q5b" format="dita">Apply the
                                Pod to the cluster</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_hnt_mw5_q5b" format="dita">Verify the
                                Pod</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_tmm_nw5_q5b" format="dita">View the
                                updated vRouter interface list</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                </ol>
            </section>
        </conbody>
    </concept>
    <task id="task_e15_krd_qjb">
        <title>Before You Begin</title>
        <taskbody>
            <section>
                <title>Access the vRouter-Agent CLI</title>
                <p>You perform the first and last steps of this example procedure on the
                    vRouter-agent CLI. We recommend that you open two SSH (terminal) sessions to the
                    host server. You can use one session to run the CLI commands on the vRouter
                    agent and the other session to run the <codeph>kubectl</codeph> commands that
                    deploy the NAD and the pod on the cluster.</p>
                <note>
                    <p>We have not included paths or shell prompts from the host server in the
                        command listings. Therefore you can easily copy commands from here to your
                        system.</p>
                </note>
                <p>Access the CLI of the <filepath>contrail-vrouter-agent</filepath> container in
                    the <filepath>contrail-vrouter-masters</filepath> pod. </p>
                <p>In one terminal enter the following command:</p>
                <codeblock>kubectl get pods -n contrail</codeblock>
                <p>You will see a single line of output that looks
                        like:<?oxy_insert_start author="schoudhury" timestamp="20221125T040743-0800"?><required-cleanup>You
                        will see the following single-line output:<?oxy_insert_end?> Unable to use
                        this suggestion since the output will not be exactly as shown when run on
                        the customers'
                        systems.<?oxy_insert_start author="schoudhury" timestamp="20221125T040743-0800"?></required-cleanup><?oxy_insert_end?></p>
                <codeblock>NAME READY STATUS RESTARTS AGE
contrail-vrouter-masters-97v8z 3/3 Running 0 6h10m</codeblock>
                <p>This command gives us the name and specific instance hash of the vRouter Pod,
                        <codeph>contrail-vrouter-masters-97v8z</codeph>. We use this name in the
                    next command to access the vRouter CLI. The name of your vRouter pod will have a
                    different hash at the end. Use the pod name from your system in place of
                            <codeph><varname>contrail-vrouter-masters-hash</varname></codeph> in the
                    command below.</p>
                <p>Enter the following command:</p>
                <codeblock>kubectl exec -n contrail -it &lt;<varname>contrail-vrouter-masters-hash</varname>&gt; -c &lt;<varname>container name</varname>&gt;-- bash</codeblock>
                <p>You will see the following two-line output:</p>
                <codeblock>Defaulted container "contrail-vrouter-agent" out of: contrail-vrouter-agent, contrail-vrouter-agent-dpdk, contrail-vrouter-telemetry-exporter, contrail-init (init), contrail-vrouter-kernel-init-dpdk (init)
root@jcnr1:/#</codeblock>
                <p>Note that the shell prompt has changed from what it was when you entered the
                    command. On the system we used to create this example, the prompt changed from
                        <codeph>[root@jcnr1 ~]#</codeph> to <codeph>root@jcnr1:/#</codeph>. This
                    change in prompt indicates that you have successfully connected to the
                    vRouter-agent CLI.</p>
                <p>You can now see the following detailed steps to complete the example.</p>
            </section>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_izs_nt5_q5b">
        <title>Detailed Steps</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_tpp_d55_q5b">
                <step id="step_iy3_3w5_q5b">
                    <cmd>View the vRouter-agent interface list</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>In the terminal session connected to the
                            vRouter-agent<?oxy_insert_start author="schoudhury" timestamp="20221129T042842-0800"?>,<?oxy_insert_end?>
                            enter the
                            <?oxy_insert_start author="schoudhury" timestamp="20221125T052947-0800"?>following
                            <?oxy_insert_end?>command in the
                            CLI<?oxy_insert_start author="schoudhury" timestamp="20221125T052952-0800"?>:<?oxy_insert_end?></p>
                        <codeblock>vif --list</codeblock>
                        <p>The output looks like this:</p>
                        <codeblock>Vrouter Operation Mode: PureL2
Vrouter Interface Table

Flags: P=Policy, X=Cross Connect, S=Service Chain, Mr=Receive Mirror
       Mt=Transmit Mirror, Tc=Transmit Checksum Offload, L3=Layer 3, L2=Layer 2
       D=DHCP, Vp=Vhost Physical, Pr=Promiscuous, Vnt=Native Vlan Tagged
       Mnp=No MAC Proxy, Dpdk=DPDK PMD Interface, Rfl=Receive Filtering Offload, Mon=Interface is Monitored
       Uuf=Unknown Unicast Flood, Vof=VLAN insert/strip offload, Df=Drop New Flows, L=MAC Learning Enabled
       Proxy=MAC Requests Proxied Always, Er=Etree Root, Mn=Mirror without Vlan Tag, HbsL=HBS Left Intf
       HbsR=HBS Right Intf, Ig=Igmp Trap Enabled, Ml=MAC-IP Learning Enabled, Me=Multicast Enabled

vif0/0      Socket: unix
            Type:Agent HWaddr:00:00:5e:00:01:00
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:2127928  bytes:510246290 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/1      PCI: 0000:00:00.0 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:3a:b2:ee:fe:a7:62
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue  packets:172174354904 errors:20998087137
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 7293345594 6559356797 7145384746
            Fabric Interface: eth_bond_bond0  Status: UP  Driver: net_bonding
            Slave Interface(0): 0000:18:09.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Slave Interface(1): 0000:18:05.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:172172714121  bytes:33745848248728 errors:1642900
            TX packets:2272839360  bytes:4536582775436 errors:0
            Drops:80189427216

vif0/2      PCI: 0000:18:01.1 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:a6:c1:0b:12:8c:44
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue  packets:108 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:18:01.1  Status: DOWN  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:108
            TX packets:61278711540  bytes:15781059334468 errors:0
            Drops:108

vif0/3      PCI: 0000:18:0d.1 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:7a:30:33:68:6c:70
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue  packets:91255 errors:626
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 120 397 109
            Fabric Interface: 0000:18:0d.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:2015  bytes:170734 errors:89240
            TX packets:61279338241  bytes:15781182125402 errors:0
            Drops:91703

vif0/4      PCI: 0000:86:00.0 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:40:a6:b7:0d:7b:b8
            Vrf:65535 Flags:TcL2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:86:00.0  Status: DOWN  Driver: net_i40e
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:61278779459  bytes:15781072646592 errors:0
            Drops:0</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>As you can see, the vRouter<?oxy_delete author="schoudhury" timestamp="20221125T053012-0800" content="-"?><?oxy_insert_start author="schoudhury" timestamp="20221125T053012-0800"?>
                            <?oxy_insert_end?>agent knows about five interfaces.</p>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_bvd_jw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Examine the NAD YAML file.</cmd>
                    <info><p>In this step, we look at a commented NAD file in the YAML format. The
                            comments start with a hash symbol (#) and are in boldface. You do not
                            need to change most of the values because this file contains a NAD
                            example. The NAD specifies the parameters of a virtual device that
                            enables the pod to connect to the network. You can use this example file
                            on your cloud-native router only if you remove the comments from the
                            file.</p><codeph>cat
                            nad-virtio-trunk1.yaml</codeph><codeblock>
apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: vswitch-trunk9 <b>#This is the name of the NAD as it appears in the K8s cluster.</b>
spec:
  config: '{
    "cniVersion":"0.4.0",
    "name": "vswitch-trunk9", <b># Name of the NAD</b>
    "type": "jcnr", <b># Always define as jcnr</b>
    "args": {
      "instanceName": "vswitch",
      "instanceType": "virtual-switch", 
      "dataplane": "dpdk", <b>#Leave as DPDK for this example. Options are DPDK or kernel</b>
      "vlanIdList": "3001, 3002, 3003, 3210" <b>#List of allowed VLANs. You can allow a range like this: 100-200</b>
    },
    "kubeConfig":"/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf"
  }'</codeblock><p>When
                            you apply the NAD YAML file to the cluster, the virtual device becomes
                            visible in the Kubernetes cluster.</p><p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p></info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_axt_jw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Apply the NAD to the cluster.</cmd>
                    <info><p>If you use the same file name for your version of the NAD file, you can
                            run the following command on the host-server
                            CLI:</p><codeblock>kubectl apply -f nad-virtio-trunk1.yaml</codeblock><p>The
                            command output looks like
                            this:</p><codeph>networkattachmentdefinition.k8s.cni.cncf.io/nad-virtio-trunk1.yaml
                            created</codeph><p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p></info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_kc3_kw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Verify the NAD.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>On the host-server CLI, issue the following command:</p>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get network-attachment-definitions</codeblock>
                        <p>The command output looks like this:</p>
                        <codeblock>
NAME                 AGE
vswitch              25h
vswitch-trunk1       54s</codeblock>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_umz_kw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Examine the example pod YAML file.</cmd>
                    <info><p>Similar to the NAD YAML file, the pod YAML file or the pod definition
                            specifies the configuration of the user pod that you want to create. In
                            this example, we create a pod that works with the
                                <codeph>vswitch-trunk1</codeph> NAD that we just applied. You can
                            use the following example file on your cloud-native router
                            deployment.</p><codeph>cat pod-virtio-trunk1.yaml</codeph><codeblock>apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name:  pod-virtio-trunk1 <b>#</b>
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: vswitch-trunk1
spec:
  containers:
    - name: pod-virtio-trunk1
      image: svl-artifactory.juniper.net/junos-docker-local/warthog/pktgen19116:20210303
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
      securityContext:
        privileged: true
      resources:
        requests:
          memory: 2Gi
        limits:
          hugepages-1Gi: 2Gi
      env:
        - name: KUBERNETES_POD_UID
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
               fieldPath: metadata.uid
      volumeMounts:
        - name: dpdk
          mountPath: /dpdk
          subPathExpr: $(KUBERNETES_POD_UID)
        - mountPath: /dev/hugepages
          name: hugepage
  volumes:
    - name: dpdk
      hostPath:
        path: /var/run/jcnr/containers
    - name: hugepage
      emptyDir:
        medium: HugePages</codeblock><p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p></info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_vzt_lw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Apply the pod to the cluster.</cmd>
                    <info><p>If you have used the same filename shown above for the pod YAML file,
                            then you can run the following command on the host-server CLI to apply
                            the pod to the
                            cluster:</p><codeblock>kubectl apply -f pod-virtio-trunk1.yaml</codeblock><p>The
                            command output looks like this:</p><codeph>pod/pod-virtio-trunk1
                            created</codeph><p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p></info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_hnt_mw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Verify the pod.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>On the host-server CLI, issue the following command to verify the pod
                            creation:</p>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get pods pod-virtio-trunk1</codeblock>
                        <p>The command output looks like this:</p>
                        <codeblock>
NAME                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod-virtio-trunk1              1/1     Running     0        1m21s</codeblock>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_tmm_nw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>View the updated vRouter interface list.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>On the vRouter-agent CLI, issue the following command:</p>
                        <codeblock>vif --list</codeblock>
                        <p>The command output looks like this:</p>
                        <codeblock>Vrouter Operation Mode: PureL2
Vrouter Interface Table

Flags: P=Policy, X=Cross Connect, S=Service Chain, Mr=Receive Mirror
       Mt=Transmit Mirror, Tc=Transmit Checksum Offload, L3=Layer 3, L2=Layer 2
       D=DHCP, Vp=Vhost Physical, Pr=Promiscuous, Vnt=Native Vlan Tagged
       Mnp=No MAC Proxy, Dpdk=DPDK PMD Interface, Rfl=Receive Filtering Offload, Mon=Interface is Monitored
       Uuf=Unknown Unicast Flood, Vof=VLAN insert/strip offload, Df=Drop New Flows, L=MAC Learning Enabled
       Proxy=MAC Requests Proxied Always, Er=Etree Root, Mn=Mirror without Vlan Tag, HbsL=HBS Left Intf
       HbsR=HBS Right Intf, Ig=Igmp Trap Enabled, Ml=MAC-IP Learning Enabled, Me=Multicast Enabled

vif0/0      Socket: unix
            Type:Agent HWaddr:00:00:5e:00:01:00
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:205  bytes:74417 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/1      PCI: 0000:00:00.0 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:32:f8:ad:8c:d3:bc
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:8
            RX queue  packets:3120 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: eth_bond_bond0  Status: UP  Driver: net_bonding
            Slave Interface(0): 0000:81:01.0  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 751-755
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:7020
            TX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            Drops:7020

vif0/2      PCI: 0000:81:09.0 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Workload HWaddr:ca:ce:fc:d3:28:1e
            Vrf:0 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:7
            RX queue  packets:3120 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:81:09.0  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Access  Vlan Id: 756  OVlan Id: 756
            RX packets:7020  bytes:1496820 errors:0
            TX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            Drops:7215

vif0/3      PMD: vhostnet1-8ca7c251-481b-48
            Type:Virtual HWaddr:00:99:99:99:33:09
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:10
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/4      Virtual: vhostnet1-8ca7c251-481b-48.3003 Vlan(o/i)(,S): 3003/3003 Parent:vif0/3
            Type:Virtual(Vlan) HWaddr:00:99:99:99:33:09
            Vrf:0 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/5      PMD: vhostnet1-35fee25e-7646-4281-ab
            Type:Virtual HWaddr:02:00:00:ac:88:fd
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:13
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 3001-3003 3210
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:1  bytes:64 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX port   packets:0 errors:1</codeblock>
                        <p>The vRouter agent now knows about six interfaces because the pod created
                            the trunk interface. You can see in the preceding output that the
                                <codeph>vif0/5</codeph> interface shows the VLAN mode as Trunk and
                            the correct list of VLANs that the vRouter allows to pass.</p>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</topic-map>