<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7c2f" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>L2 - Add User Pod with Kernel Access to a Cloud-Native Router Instance</title>
    <shortdesc>Read this topic to learn how to add a user pod with a kernel access interface to an
        instance of the cloud-native router.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>dgv</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <concept id="xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1" xml:lang="en-US">
        <title>Overview</title>
        <prolog>
            <author>dgv</author>
            <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
            <data name="cli-help-text"/>
            <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
        </prolog>
        <conbody>
            <p>To add a user pod to the cloud-native router, your high-level tasks are:</p>
            <ul id="ul_md1_wbq_pvb">
                <li>
                    <p> Ensure that a network attachment definition (NAD) exists. </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Apply a pod YAML file to your cloud-native router cluster.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Throughout this example, we use the <codeph>kubectl</codeph> command with various
                options. You must run this command on the host-server CLI.</p>
            <section id="section_i5x_zk4_q5b">
                <title>High-Level Steps</title>
                <p>In this example, we assume that this is the first user pod that you are adding to
                    your newly installed cloud-native router. Therefore, we provide the steps to
                    create a NAD on the cluster and then add the new user pod.</p>
                <p>Below we provide a list of the individual steps we perform in this example. Each
                    step in the list is a link to the detailed description of the step.</p>
                <ol id="ul_brp_xh4_q5b">
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_iy3_3w5_q5b" format="dita">View the
                                vRouter interface list</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_bvd_jw5_q5b" format="dita">Examine
                                the example NAD YAML file</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_axt_jw5_q5b" format="dita">Apply the
                                NAD to the cluster</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_kc3_kw5_q5b" format="dita">Verify the
                                NAD</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_umz_kw5_q5b" format="dita">Examine
                                the example Pod YAML file</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_vzt_lw5_q5b" format="dita">Apply the
                                Pod to the cluster</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_hnt_mw5_q5b" format="dita">Verify the
                                Pod</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#task_izs_nt5_q5b/step_tmm_nw5_q5b" format="dita">View the
                                updated vRouter interface list</xref>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                </ol>
            </section>
        </conbody>
    </concept>
    <task id="task_e15_krd_qjb">
        <title>Before You Begin</title>
        <taskbody>
            <section>
                <title>Access the vRouter-Agent CLI</title>
                <p>You perform the first and last steps of this example procedure on the CLI of the
                    vRouter agent. We recommend that you open two SSH (terminal) sessions to the
                    host server. You can use one session to run the CLI commands on the vRouter
                    agent and the other session to run the <codeph>kubectl</codeph> commands that
                    deploy the NAD and the pod on the cluster.</p>
                <note>
                    <p>To make it easy to copy and paste commands from here to your system, we do
                        not include paths or shell prompts from the host server in the command
                        listings.</p>
                </note>
                <p>Access the CLI of the <codeph>contrail-vrouter-agent</codeph> container in the
                        <codeph>contrail-vrouter-masters</codeph> pod. </p>
                <p>In one terminal, enter this command:</p>
                <codeblock>kubectl get pods -n contrail</codeblock>
                <p>The output should be a single line that looks like this:</p>
                <codeblock>NAME READY STATUS RESTARTS AGE
contrail-vrouter-masters-97v8z 3/3 Running 0 6h10m</codeblock>
                <p>This output gives you the name and specific instance hash of the vRouter pod,
                        <codeph>contrail-vrouter-masters-97v8z</codeph>. We use this name in the
                    next command to access the vRouter CLI. The name of your vRouter pod will have a
                    different hash at the end. Use the pod name from your system in place of
                        <varname>&lt;contrail-vrouter-masters-hash&gt;</varname> in the following
                    command.</p>
                <p>Enter the following command:</p>
                <codeblock>kubectl exec -n contrail -it &lt;<varname>contrail-vrouter-masters-hash</varname>&gt; -c &lt;<varname>container name</varname>&gt;-- bash</codeblock>
                <p>You should see the following two-line output:</p>
                <codeblock>Defaulted container "contrail-vrouter-agent" out of: contrail-vrouter-agent, contrail-vrouter-agent-dpdk, contrail-vrouter-telemetry-exporter, contrail-init (init), contrail-vrouter-kernel-init-dpdk (init)
root@jcnr1:/#</codeblock>
                <p>Note that the shell prompt has changed from what it was when you entered the
                    command. On the system we used to create this example, the prompt changed from
                        <codeph>[root@jcnr1 ~]#</codeph> to <codeph>root@jcnr1:/#</codeph>. This
                    change in prompt indicates that you have successfully connected to the CLI of
                    the vRouter agent.</p>
                <p>You can now see the following detailed steps  to complete the example.</p>
            </section>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_izs_nt5_q5b">
        <title>Detailed Steps</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_tpp_d55_q5b">
                <step id="step_iy3_3w5_q5b">
                    <cmd>View the vRouter-agent interface list.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>In the terminal session connected to the vRouter-agent CLI, enter the
                            following command:</p>
                        <codeblock>vif --list</codeblock>
                        <p>The output looks like this:</p>
                        <codeblock>Vrouter Operation Mode: PureL2
Vrouter Interface Table

Flags: P=Policy, X=Cross Connect, S=Service Chain, Mr=Receive Mirror
       Mt=Transmit Mirror, Tc=Transmit Checksum Offload, L3=Layer 3, L2=Layer 2
       D=DHCP, Vp=Vhost Physical, Pr=Promiscuous, Vnt=Native Vlan Tagged
       Mnp=No MAC Proxy, Dpdk=DPDK PMD Interface, Rfl=Receive Filtering Offload, Mon=Interface is Monitored
       Uuf=Unknown Unicast Flood, Vof=VLAN insert/strip offload, Df=Drop New Flows, L=MAC Learning Enabled
       Proxy=MAC Requests Proxied Always, Er=Etree Root, Mn=Mirror without Vlan Tag, HbsL=HBS Left Intf
       HbsR=HBS Right Intf, Ig=Igmp Trap Enabled, Ml=MAC-IP Learning Enabled, Me=Multicast Enabled

vif0/0      Socket: unix
            Type:Agent HWaddr:00:00:5e:00:01:00
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:2127928  bytes:510246290 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/1      PCI: 0000:00:00.0 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:3a:b2:ee:fe:a7:62
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue  packets:172174354904 errors:20998087137
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 7293345594 6559356797 7145384746
            Fabric Interface: eth_bond_bond0  Status: UP  Driver: net_bonding
            Slave Interface(0): 0000:18:09.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Slave Interface(1): 0000:18:05.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:172172714121  bytes:33745848248728 errors:1642900
            TX packets:2272839360  bytes:4536582775436 errors:0
            Drops:80189427216

vif0/2      PCI: 0000:18:01.1 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:a6:c1:0b:12:8c:44
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue  packets:108 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:18:01.1  Status: DOWN  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:108
            TX packets:61278711540  bytes:15781059334468 errors:0
            Drops:108

vif0/3      PCI: 0000:18:0d.1 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:7a:30:33:68:6c:70
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue  packets:91255 errors:626
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 120 397 109
            Fabric Interface: 0000:18:0d.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:2015  bytes:170734 errors:89240
            TX packets:61279338241  bytes:15781182125402 errors:0
            Drops:91703

vif0/4      PCI: 0000:86:00.0 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:40:a6:b7:0d:7b:b8
            Vrf:65535 Flags:TcL2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:86:00.0  Status: DOWN  Driver: net_i40e
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:61278779459  bytes:15781072646592 errors:0
            Drops:0</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>As you can see, the vRouter agent knows about five interfaces</p>
                        <ul id="ul_cjl_clx_4wb">
                            <li>
                                <p>vif0/0 </p>
                            </li>
                            <li>
                                <p>vif0/1</p>
                            </li>
                            <li>
                                <p>vif0/2</p>
                            </li>
                            <li>
                                <p>vif0/3 </p>
                            </li>
                            <li>
                                <p>vif0/4 </p>
                            </li>
                        </ul>
                        <p/>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_bvd_jw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Examine the NAD YAML file.</cmd>
                    <info><p>In this step, we look at a commented NAD file in the YAML format. The
                            comments start with a hash symbol (#) and are displayed in boldface. You
                            do not need to change most of the values because this file contains a
                            NAD example. The NAD specifies the parameters of a virtual device that
                            enables the pod to connect to the network. You can use this example file
                            on your cloud-native router only if you remove the comments from the
                            file.</p><codeph>cat
                            nad-kernel_access_bd3001.yaml</codeph><codeblock>apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: nad-vswitch-bd3001 <b>#Name of the NAD</b>
spec:
  config: '{
    "cniVersion":"0.4.0",
    "name": "nad-vswitch-bd3001", <b>#This is the name of the NAD as it appears in the K8s cluster.</b>
    "capabilities":{"ips":true},
    "plugins": [
      {
        "type": "jcnr", <b>#Always define as jcnr</b>
        "args": {
          "instanceName": "vswitch", <b>#Prefix for the name of the NAD within the cluster</b>
          "instanceType": "virtual-switch", <b>#What type of NAD is this?</b>
          "bridgeDomain": "bd3001", <b>#The name of the bridge domain</b>
          "bridgeVlanId": "3001", <b>#Which VLAN ID is allowed on this bridge domain</b>
          "dataplane":"dpdk", <b>#Which dataplane to use. Options are dpdk and kernel</b>
          "mtu": "9000",
          "interfaceType":"veth" <b>#Options are <codeph>veth</codeph> or <codeph>virtio</codeph>. For this example <codeph>veth</codeph> is the correct option</b>
        },
        "ipam": {
          "type": "static", <b>#IP address type. Leave as static in 22.2 release</b>
          "capabilities":{"ips":true}, <b>#Does this ipam definition support IP addresses?</b>
          "addresses":[
            {
              "address":"2001:db8:3001::10.30.0.1/64", <b>#IPv6 address of the IFL</b>
              "gateway":"2001:db8:3001::10.30.0.254" <b>#IPv6 gateway for the IFL</b>
            },
            {
              "address":"10.30.0.1/24", <b>#IPv4 address for the IFL</b>
              "gateway":"10.30.0.254" <b>#IPv4 Gateway for the IFL</b>
            }
          ]
        },
        "kubeConfig":"/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf"
      }
    ]
  }'</codeblock><p>When
                            you apply the NAD YAML file to the cluster, the virtual device becomes
                            visible in the Kubernetes cluster.</p><p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p></info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_axt_jw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Apply the NAD to the cluster.</cmd>
                    <info><p>If you use the same file name for your version of the NAD file, you can
                            run the following command on the host-server
                            CLI:</p><codeblock>kubectl apply -f nad-kernel_access_vlan_3001.yaml</codeblock><p>The
                            command output looks like
                            this:</p><codeph>networkattachmentdefinition.k8s.cni.cncf.io/nad-vswitch-bd3001
                            created</codeph><p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p></info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_kc3_kw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Verify the NAD.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>On the host-server CLI, issue the following command:</p>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get network-attachment-definitions</codeblock>
                        <p>The output from the command looks like this:</p>
                        <codeblock>
NAME                 AGE
vswitch               1d
nad-vswitch-bd3001    3m47s</codeblock>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_umz_kw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Examine the example Pod YAML file.</cmd>
                    <info><p>Similar to the NAD YAML file, the pod YAML file or the pod definition
                            specifies the configuration of the user pod that you want to create. In
                            this example, we create a pod that works with the
                                <codeph>pod1-vswitch-bd3001</codeph> NAD that we just applied. You
                            can use the following file on your cloud-native router deployment
                            .</p><codeph>cat pod-kernel-access-vlan-3001.yaml</codeph><codeblock>apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name:   odu-kernel-pod-bd3001
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: pod1-vswitch-bd3001
spec:
  containers:
    - name: odu-kernel-pod-bd3001
      image: svl-artifactory.juniper.net/junos-docker-local/warthog/pktgen19116:20210303
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
      command: ["/bin/bash","-c","sleep infinity"]
      securityContext:
        privileged: false
      env:
        - name: KUBERNETES_POD_UID
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
               fieldPath: metadata.uid
      volumeMounts:
        - name: dpdk
          mountPath: /dpdk
          subPathExpr: $(KUBERNETES_POD_UID)
  volumes:
    - name: dpdk
      hostPath:
        path: /var/run/jcnr/containers</codeblock><p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p></info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_vzt_lw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Apply the pod to the cluster.</cmd>
                    <info><p>If you have used the preceding filename for the pod YAML file, then you
                            can run the following command on the host-server CLI to apply the pod to
                            the
                            cluster:</p><codeblock>kubectl apply -f pod-kernel-access-vlan-3001.yaml</codeblock><p>The
                            command output looks like this:</p><codeph>pod/odu-kernel-pod-bd3001
                            created created</codeph><p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p></info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_hnt_mw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>Verify the pod.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>On the host-server CLI, issue the following command to verify the pod
                            creation:</p>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get pods odu-kernel-pod-bd3001</codeblock>
                        <p>The command output looks like this:</p>
                        <codeblock>
NAME                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
odu-kernel-pod-bd3001   1/1     Running   0          58s</codeblock>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_tmm_nw5_q5b">
                    <cmd>View the updated vRouter interface list.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>On the vRouter-agent CLI, issue the following command:</p>
                        <codeblock>vif --list</codeblock>
                        <p>The command output looks like this:</p>
                        <codeblock>Flags: P=Policy, X=Cross Connect, S=Service Chain, Mr=Receive Mirror
       Mt=Transmit Mirror, Tc=Transmit Checksum Offload, L3=Layer 3, L2=Layer 2
       D=DHCP, Vp=Vhost Physical, Pr=Promiscuous, Vnt=Native Vlan Tagged
       Mnp=No MAC Proxy, Dpdk=DPDK PMD Interface, Rfl=Receive Filtering Offload, Mon=Interface is Monitored
       Uuf=Unknown Unicast Flood, Vof=VLAN insert/strip offload, Df=Drop New Flows, L=MAC Learning Enabled
       Proxy=MAC Requests Proxied Always, Er=Etree Root, Mn=Mirror without Vlan Tag, HbsL=HBS Left Intf
       HbsR=HBS Right Intf, Ig=Igmp Trap Enabled, Ml=MAC-IP Learning Enabled, Me=Multicast Enabled

vif0/0      Socket: unix
            Type:Agent HWaddr:00:00:5e:00:01:00
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:14  bytes:1672 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/1      PCI: 0000:00:00.0 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:3a:b2:ee:fe:a7:62
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue  packets:971 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: eth_bond_bond0  Status: UP  Driver: net_bonding
            Slave Interface(0): 0000:18:05.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Slave Interface(1): 0000:18:09.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:18  bytes:1256 errors:965
            TX packets:26  bytes:2204 errors:0
            Drops:989

vif0/2      PCI: 0000:18:01.1 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:a6:c1:0b:12:8c:44
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:18:01.1  Status: DOWN  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:37  bytes:2862 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/3      PCI: 0000:18:0d.1 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:7a:30:33:68:6c:70
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue  packets:331 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:18:0d.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_iavf
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:7  bytes:590 errors:324
            TX packets:37  bytes:2870 errors:0
            Drops:331

vif0/4      PCI: 0000:86:00.0 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1)
            Type:Physical HWaddr:40:a6:b7:0d:7b:b8
            Vrf:65535 Flags:TcL2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:12
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:86:00.0  Status: DOWN  Driver: net_i40e
            Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 100 200 300 500 3001-3004 3201-3250
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:37  bytes:2862 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/5      Ethernet: jvknet1-0ea0f72
            Type:Virtual HWaddr:02:00:00:b3:b9:a1
            Vrf:0 Flags:L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref:10
            RX queue  packets:23 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Vlan Mode: Access  Vlan Id: 3001  OVlan Id: 3001
            RX packets:19  bytes:1614 errors:4
            TX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            Drops:24</codeblock>
                        <p>The vRouter agent now knows about six interfaces. This is because the Pod
                            created the sub-interface and the parent interface. You can see above
                            that the virtual VLAN interface, <codeph>vif0/4</codeph>, shows the
                            parent interface as <codeph>vif0/3</codeph>. The interface,
                                <codeph>vif0/3</codeph>, is a virtual interface with a name that
                            includes "net1" as defined in the NAD and pod YAML files.</p>
                        <p>
                            <xref href="#xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1/section_i5x_zk4_q5b" format="dita">Back to high-level steps</xref>
                        </p>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</topic-map>