<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7d5b" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Deploy L2 Pod with Kernel Interface (Access Mode)</title>
    <shortdesc>Read this topic to learn how to add a user pod with a <codeph>kernel/veth</codeph>
        access-mode interface to an instance of the cloud-native router.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>tkaur</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <concept id="xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1" xml:lang="en-US">
        <title>Overview</title>
        <conbody>
            <p>You can configure a user pod with a Layer 2 access-mode <codeph>kernel</codeph>
                interface and attach it to the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>instance. The Juniper Cloud-Native Router must
                have an L2 interface configured at the time of deployment. Your high-level tasks
                are:</p>
            <ul id="ul_md1_wbq_pvb">
                <li>
                    <p>Define and apply a network attachment definition (NAD)—The NAD file defines
                        the required configuration for Multus to invoke the JCNR-CNI and create a
                        network to attach the pod interface to.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Define and apply a pod YAML file to your cloud-native router cluster—The pod
                        YAML contains the pod specifications and an annotation to the network
                        created by the JCNR-CNI.</p>
                    <note>
                        <p>Please review the <xref href="../concept/config-examples-overview.dita"/> topic for more information on NAD and pod YAML files. </p>
                    </note>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </conbody>
    </concept>
    <task id="task_izs_nt5_q5b">
        <title>Configuration Example</title>
        <abstract>
            <ol>
                <li>Here is an example NAD to create a Layer 2 <codeph>kernel/veth</codeph>
                    access-mode interface with static
                        IPAM:<codeblock>apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: vswitch-pod1-bd100
spec:
  config: '{
    "cniVersion":"0.4.0",
    "name": "vswitch-pod1-bd100",
    "plugins": [
      {
        "type": "jcnr",
        "args": {
          "instanceName": "vswitch",
          "instanceType": "virtual-switch",
	   "interfaceType": "veth",
          "bridgeDomain": "bd100",
          "bridgeVlanId": "100"
        },
        "ipam": {
          "type": "static",
          "addresses":[
            {
              "address":"99.61.0.2/16",
              "gateway":"99.61.0.1"
            },
            {
              "address":"1234::99.61.0.2/120",
              "gateway":"1234::99.61.0.1"
            }
          ]
        },
        "kubeConfig":"/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf"
      }
    ]
  }'</codeblock><p>The
                        NAD defines a bridge domain <codeph>bd100</codeph> under which a
                            <codeph>veth</codeph> type pod interface should be attached in the
                            <codeph>virtual-switch</codeph> instance.</p> It also defines a static
                    IP address to be assigned to the pod interface.</li>
                <li>Apply the NAD manifest to create the network.
                    <codeblock>kubectl apply -f nad-access_mode.yaml
networkattachmentdefinition.k8s.cni.cncf.io/vswitch-pod1-bd100 created</codeblock></li>
                <li> Verify the NAD is created.
                    <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01]# kubectl get net-attach-def
NAME                 AGE
vswitch-pod1-bd100   59s</codeblock></li>
                <li>Here is an example yaml to create a pod attached to the
                        <codeph>vswitch-pod1-bd100</codeph> network:
                        <codeblock>apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name:   pod1
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: vswitch-pod1-bd100
spec:
  containers:
    - name: pod1
      image: ubuntu:latest
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
      securityContext:
        privileged: false
      env:
        - name: KUBERNETES_POD_UID
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
               fieldPath: metadata.uid
      volumeMounts:
        - name: dpdk
          mountPath: /dpdk
          subPathExpr: $(KUBERNETES_POD_UID)
  volumes:
    - name: dpdk
      hostPath:
        path: /var/run/jcnr/containers</codeblock><p>The
                        pod attaches to the router instance using the
                            <codeph>k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks</codeph> annotation</p>. </li>
                <li> Apply the pod manifest.
                    <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01]# kubectl apply -f pod_access_mode.yaml 
pod/pod1 created</codeblock></li>
                <li> Verify the pod is running.
                    <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01 ~]# kubectl get pods 
NAME   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod1   1/1     Running   0          2m38s</codeblock></li>
                <li> Describe the pod to verify a secondary interface is created and attached to the
                        <codeph>vswitch-pod1-bd100</codeph> network. (The output is trimmed for
                    brevity).<codeblock>[root@jcnr-01 ~]# kubectl describe pod pod1
Name:         pod1
Namespace:    default
Priority:     0
Node:         jcnr-01/10.100.20.25
Start Time:   Mon, 26 Jun 2023 09:36:57 -0400
Labels:       &lt;none&gt;
Annotations:  cni.projectcalico.org/containerID: 5b92668a6d7580e587de951d660c99969ce98bc239502afab6f9d191653f1e9b
              cni.projectcalico.org/podIP: 10.233.91.79/32
              cni.projectcalico.org/podIPs: 10.233.91.79/32
              k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/network-status:
                [{
                    "name": "k8s-pod-network",
                    "ips": [
                        "10.233.91.79"
                    ],
                    "default": true,
                    "dns": {}
                },{
                    <b>"name": "default/vswitch-pod1-bd100",
                    "interface": "net1",
                    "ips": [
                        "99.61.0.2",
                        "1234::633d:2"
                    ],
                    "mac": "02:00:00:5D:74:76",
                    "dns": {}
</b>                }]
...</codeblock></li>
                <li>Verify the vRouter has the corresponding interface created. <xref href="../concept/accessing-vrouter-cli.dita">Access the vRouter CLI</xref>
                    and issue the <codeph>vif --list</codeph>
                    command.<codeblock>vif0/2      Ethernet: jvknet1-7c557fe MTU: 9160
            <b>Type:Virtual</b> HWaddr:02:00:00:66:01:56
            <b>DDP: OFF SwLB: ON</b>
            <b>Vrf:0 Flags:L2Vof</b> QOS:-1 Ref:8
            RX port   packets:20 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            <b>Vlan Mode: Access</b>  <b>Vlan Id: 100</b>  OVlan Id: 100 
            RX packets:7  bytes:518 errors:13
            TX packets:31  bytes:2438 errors:0
            Drops:14
            TX port   packets:31 errors:0</codeblock>Note
                    that the interface type is <codeph>Virtual</codeph> and the Vlan mode is set to
                        <codeph>access</codeph> with the Vlan ID set to <codeph>100</codeph>. The
                    VRF is always 0 for L2 interfaces.</li>
            </ol>
        </abstract>
    </task>
</topic-map>