<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7d5a" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Deploy L2 Pod with virtio Interface (Trunk Mode)</title>
    <shortdesc>Read this topic to learn how to add a user pod with a <codeph>virtio</codeph>
        trunk-mode interface to an instance of the cloud-native router.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>tkaur</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <concept id="xd_ad0bd4fae3c102ee--57c2743b-182bc7776e5--7db1" xml:lang="en-US">
        <title>Overview</title>
        <conbody>
            <p>You can configure a user pod with a Layer 2 trunk-mode virtio interface and attach it
                to the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>instance. The Juniper Cloud-Native Router must have an L2 interface
                configured at the time of deployment. Your high-level tasks are:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>Define and apply a network attachment definition (NAD)—The NAD file defines
                        the required configuration for Multus to invoke the JCNR-CNI and create a
                        network to attach the pod interface to.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Define and apply a pod YAML file to your cloud-native router cluster—The pod
                        YAML contains the pod specifications and an annotation to the network
                        created by the JCNR-CNI.</p>
                    <note>
                        <p>Please review the <xref href="../concept/config-examples-overview.dita"/> topic
                            for more information on NAD and pod YAML files. </p>
                    </note>
                    <note id="note_w2t_nrc_w1c">
                        <p>When deploying a virtio application pod in privileged mode on Microsoft
                            Azure Cloud Platform, it should be compiled with DPDK version greater
                            than 23.11. While invoking the DPDK application, the fabric interfaces
                            used by <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>should be blocked out, for example:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_fv5_gyc_w1c">./dpdk_pod_23.11  -b vmbus:000d3a9d-4df3-000d-3a9d-4df3000d3a9d</codeblock>
                    </note>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </conbody>
    </concept>
    <task id="task_e15_krd_qjb">
        <title>Configuration Example</title>
        <abstract>
            <ol id="ol_ehd_jrx_wxb">
                <li>Here is an example NAD to create a Layer 2 trunk-mode virtio interface with
                    static IPAM:<codeblock>apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: vswitch
spec:
  config: '{
    "cniVersion":"0.4.0",
    "name": "vswitch",
    "type": "jcnr",
    "args": {
      "instanceName": "vswitch",
      "instanceType": "virtual-switch",
      "vlanIdList":"201, 202, 203"
    },
    "ipam": {
         "type": "static",
         "capabilities":{"ips":true},
         "addresses":[
           {
             "address":"10.2.1.1/24",
             "gateway":"10.2.1.253"
           },
           {
             "address":"2001::10.2.1.1/120",
             "gateway":"2001::10.2.1.253"
           }
         ]
    },
    "kubeConfig":"/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf"
  }'</codeblock>The NAD defines the VLAN IDs for the
                        <codeph>virtual-switch</codeph> instance to which the pod's trunk interface
                    will be attached. </li>
                <li>Apply the NAD manifest to create the network.
                    <codeblock>kubectl apply -f nad_trunk_mode.yaml
networkattachmentdefinition.k8s.cni.cncf.io/vswitch created</codeblock></li>
                <li> Verify the NAD is created.
                    <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01]# kubectl get net-attach-def
NAME                 AGE
vswitch              57s</codeblock></li>
                <li>Here is an example yaml to create a pod attached to the <codeph>vswitch</codeph>
                    network:
                    <codeblock>apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name:   pod1
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: vswitch
spec:
  containers:
    - name: pod1
      image: ubuntu:latest
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
      securityContext:
        privileged: false
      env:
        - name: KUBERNETES_POD_UID
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
               fieldPath: metadata.uid
      volumeMounts:
        - name: dpdk
          mountPath: /dpdk
          subPathExpr: $(KUBERNETES_POD_UID)
  volumes:
    - name: dpdk
      hostPath:
        path: /var/run/jcnr/containers</codeblock>The
                    pod attaches to the router instance using the
                        <codeph>k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks</codeph> annotation. </li>
                <li> Apply the pod manifest.
                    <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01]# kubectl apply -f pod_trunk_mode.yaml 
pod/pod1 created</codeblock></li>
                <li> Verify the pod is running.
                    <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01 ~]# kubectl get pods 
NAME   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod1   1/1     Running   0          38s</codeblock></li>
                <li> Describe the pod to verify a secondary interface is created and attached to the
                        <codeph>vswitch</codeph> network. (The output is trimmed for brevity).
                    <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01 ~]# kubectl describe pod pod1
Name:         pod1
Namespace:    default
Priority:     0
Node:         jcnr-01/10.100.20.25
Start Time:   Mon, 26 Jun 2023 09:53:31 -0400
Labels:       &lt;none&gt;
Annotations:  cni.projectcalico.org/containerID: ac6f0a26ebfe68adf3b020d0def96f09e6b2b5c6303f55c0dde277b1ce7f9d9f
              cni.projectcalico.org/podIP: 10.233.91.81/32
              cni.projectcalico.org/podIPs: 10.233.91.81/32
             <b> jcnr.juniper.net/dpdk-interfaces:
                [
                    {
                        "name": "net1",
                        "vhost-adaptor-path": "/dpdk/vhost-net1.sock",
                        "vhost-adaptor-mode": "client",
                        "ipv4-address": "10.2.1.1/24",
                        "ipv6-address": "2001::a02:101/120",
                        "mac-address": "02:00:00:5B:C7:9F"
                    }
                ]</b>
              k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/network-status:
                [{
                    "name": "k8s-pod-network",
                    "ips": [
                        "10.233.91.81"
                    ],
                    "default": true,
                    "dns": {}
                },<b>{
                    "name": "default/vswitch",
                    "interface": "net1",
                    "ips": [
                        "10.2.1.1",
                        "2001::a02:101"
                    ],
                    "mac": "02:00:00:5B:C7:9F",
                    "dns": {}
</b>                }]
...</codeblock></li>
                <li>Verify the vRouter has the corresponding interface created. <xref href="../concept/accessing-vrouter-cli.dita">Access the vRouter CLI</xref>
                    and issue the <codeph>vif --list</codeph>
                    command.<codeblock>vif0/2      PMD: vhostnet1-57f38cc0-6555-4bc2-ac MTU: 9160
            <b>Type:Virtual</b> HWaddr:02:00:00:dc:c9:27
            <b>DDP: OFF SwLB: ON</b>
            <b>Vrf:0 Flags:L2</b> QOS:-1 Ref:11
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            <b>Vlan Mode: Trunk  Vlan: 201-203 </b>
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:4  bytes:256 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX port   packets:0 errors:4</codeblock>Note
                    that the interface type is <codeph>Virtual</codeph> and the Vlan mode is set to
                        <codeph>trunk</codeph> with the Vlan ID set to <codeph>201-203</codeph>. The
                    VRF is always 0 for L2 interfaces.</li>
            </ol>
        </abstract>
    </task>
</topic-map>