<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_4aaf1198aa55cb1e--58191db5-18c4bbca5e8--7f61" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>New and Updated Features</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes the new features in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) 23.4
      release.</p>

    <section>
      <title>New Features in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.4</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><b>Integrated Routing and Bridging on JCNR</b>—Integrated Routing and Bridging (IRB) is
            a networking concept that combines the functionalities of routing and bridging within a
            single network infrastructure. JCNR now supports IRB, using which you can configure both
            routing and bridging settings in a unified manner.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>cRPD telemetry data</b>— JCNR now provides additional telemetry metrics, which are
            provided by cRPD. The cRPD telemetry data collection is disabled by default. It can be
            enabled by specifying the <codeph>--set jcnr-cni.telemetryExporter.enable=true</codeph>
            parameter in the <codeph>helm install</codeph> command.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>IPSec Security Services (Service Chain)</b>—JCNR is now integrated with Juniper's
            containerized SRX (cSRX) platform to provide security services such as IPsec via service
            chaining.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for table next-hops</b>—JCNR supports route leaking between virtual router
            routing instances for routes with interface, receive, resolve and table next-hops.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>vRouter flow tracing</b>—JCNR supports packet flow tracing for a selected flow as a
            technology preview feature.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for tunnels with underlay ECMP</b>—The cloud-native router also supports
            ECMP next-hop for tunneled traffic.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for SR-MPLS when deployed as a transit router</b>—The cloud native router
            can participate as a sending, receiving or transit router in SR-MPLS networks.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR is now available on GCP marketplace</b>—JCNR is now available on GCP
            Marketplace as a VM based product offering.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for Azure deployment (Technology Preview)</b>—JCNR now supports deployment
            on Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform as a Technology Preview feature.</p>
        </li>
      </ul></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>