<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_e54c47da3e22fce6-b4e4011-1867cfab8a9--7fdc" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>New and Updated Features</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes the new features in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router 23.1 release.</p>
    <note>
      <p>Juniper Cloud-Native Router 23.1 release supports only L2 deployments. L3 deployments are
        not supported for this release.</p>
    </note>

    <section>
      <title>New Features in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.1</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for native VLAN</b>—Juniper Cloud-Native Router now supports receiving and
            forwarding bridged Ethernet frames with 802.1Q VLAN tags. Typically, trunk ports accept
            only tagged packets, and the untagged packets are dropped. You can enable a JCNR fabric
            trunk port to accept untagged packets by configuring a native VLAN identifier (ID) on
            the interface on which you want the untagged packets to be received. When a JCNR fabric
            trunk port is enabled to accept untagged packets, such packets are forwarded with the
            native VLAN ID applied to them.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for preventing local switching</b>—Juniper Cloud-Native Router now provides
            support to prevent interfaces in a bridge domain that are a part of the same VLAN group,
            from transmitting ethernet frame copies in between those interfaces. The
              <filepath>noLocalSwitching:</filepath> key provides the option to enable the
            functionality on the selected VLAN IDs. </p>
          <note>
            <p>The <filepath>noLocalSwitching:</filepath> functionality is a Technology Preview
              feature in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.1.</p>
          </note>
        </li>
      </ul></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>