<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 General Task//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/generalTask.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_6125e4cfce7ca699--4d0aca3e-187b15105b2--7e69" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Before You Install</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic provides a list of pre-requisities for installing the Juniper Cloud-Native
    Router including the required host configuration and licenses.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) is a container-based software solution, orchestrated
        by Kubernetes(K8s). It combines the containerized routing protocol process (cRPD) and a Data
        Plane Development Kit (DPDK)-enabled virtual router (vRouter). Using the JCNR, you can
        enable full Junos routing control plane with enhanced forwarding capabilities. </p>
      <p>This section provides a list of pre-requisites for installing JCNR.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Review the JCNR <xref href="system-resource-requirements-bms.dita"/> to setup
          and configure the host machines.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports an all-in-one or multinode Kubernetes cluster, with master and worker
          nodes running on virtual machines (VMs) or bare metal servers (BMS). Kubernetes
          installation or management instructions are not provided in this documentation. Please see
            <xref format="html" href="https://kubernetes.io" scope="external">https://kubernetes.io</xref> for Kubernetes documentation. </cmd>
        <info>
          <note>
            <p>It is not recommended to deploy Juniper Cloud-Native Router if Kubernetes cpumanager
              is enabled in your Kubernetes cluster.</p>
          </note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Ensure the host is enabled with SR-IOV and VT-d in the system's BIOS.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Hugepage and iommu setting is mandatory for the vRouter to come up. You can set them at
          grub level with the below options:</cmd>
        <substeps id="substeps_hlx_dqk_gxb">
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add below params by adjusting the no of hugepages (64 here is just an example) in
                <codeph>/etc/default/grub</codeph> and reboot the host: "</cmd>
            <info>
              <codeblock>GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="console=tty1 console=ttyS0 default_hugepagesz=1G hugepagesz=1G hugepages=64 intel_iommu=on iommu=pt</codeblock>
              <p>Update grub and reboot the host. For example:</p>
              <codeblock>grub2-mkconfig -o /boot/grub2/grub.cfg</codeblock>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>To verify hugepage is set , execute these commands on the host:</cmd>
            <info>
              <codeblock>cat /proc/cmdline
grep -i hugepages /proc/meminfo</codeblock>
            </info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Ensure VLAN driver is enabled on the host machine at startup. You can verify it by
          issuing the <codeph>lsmod | grep 8021q</codeph> command.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Enable virtual functions (VFs) on host NICs at startup. (Only for L2 deployments)</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Enable Trust and Disable Spoofcheck on VF's assigned to vRouter using the commands
          (Only for L2 deployments):</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock>ip link set &lt;interfacename&gt; vf 1 spoofchk off
ip link set &lt;interfacename&gt; vf 1 trust on</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Ensure you have the latest version of <codeph>helm3</codeph> installed.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Download the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>tarball,
              <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_nunber</varname>.tgz</filepath>
          from the <xref format="html" href="https://support.juniper.net/support/downloads/?p=jcnr" scope="external">Juniper Support Site</xref>, to a directory on your host machine. You
          must perform the file transfer in binary mode when transferring the file to your server,
          so that the compressed tar file expands properly.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Ensure you have a valid cRPD license available. The <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>license format has changed,
          you must request a new license key before deploying or upgrading to 23.2 release. See
            <xref href="system-resource-requirements-bms.dita#xd_a80d54bf200c39a9--49174253-179093887e2--7892/section_jm3_ggk_gxb"/> for more information.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Review the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.jcnr-deployment-modes"/> topic to
          understand the various deployment modes supported by JCNR.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>