<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 General Task//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/generalTask.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_1a8e069a06657f97--7cd600da-188de57988f--7cc5" xml:lang="en-US">
 <title>Configure Repository Credentials</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to understand how to configure the enterprise-hub.juniper.net
    repository credentials for Cloud-Native Router installation.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
 <taskbody>
  <context>
      <p>Use this procedure to configure your repository login credentials in your Cloud-Native
        Router Helm chart. </p>
      <p>The Cloud-Native Router Helm chart uses your <codeph>enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeph>
        credentials to pull images from the <codeph>enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeph>
        repository.</p>
      <p>The Cloud-Native Router Helm chart expects your credentials to be in a specific format. One
        way of ensuring your credentials are in the proper format is to use docker (or podman).</p>
    </context>
<steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Install docker if you don't already have docker installed.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the Juniper Networks <codeph>enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeph>
          repository.</cmd>
        <info><codeblock id="codeblock_nby_nsq_1bc">docker login enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeblock>Enter
          your <codeph>enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeph> username and password (or personal access
          token) when prompted. Once you've logged in, your credentials are automatically stored in
          a default location that depends on your specific docker installation (for example,
            <filepath>~/.docker/config.json</filepath>,
            <filepath>/run/user/xxx/containers/auth.json</filepath> for podman,
            <filepath>~/snap/docker/xxx/.docker/config.json</filepath> for snap, and so on.)</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Encode your credentials in base64 and store the resulting string.</cmd>
        <info><codeblock>ENCODED_CREDS=$(base64 -w 0 config.json)</codeblock>Take a look at the
          encoded credentials.<codeblock>echo $ENCODED_CREDS</codeblock></info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Navigate to the
              <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>&lt;release-number&gt;</varname>/helmchart/jcnr</codeph>
          directory. Replace the credentials placeholder in <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> with
          the encoded credentials.</cmd>
        <info>The <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file has a
            <codeph>&lt;base64-encoded-credential&gt;</codeph> credentials placeholder. Simply
          replace the placeholder with the encoded
          credentials.<codeblock>sed -i s/'&lt;base64-encoded-credential&gt;'/$ENCODED_CREDS/ values.yaml</codeblock>Double
          check by searching for the encoded credentials in
          <filepath>values.yaml</filepath>.<codeblock>grep $ENCODED_CREDS values.yaml</codeblock>You
          should see the encoded credentials.</info>
      </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links/>
</task>