<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_0ce9e062bd020c8c--28417691-18c7b364bea--7ead" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Customize <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Configuration (Google Cloud Marketplace)</title>
    <shortdesc>Read this topic to understand how to customize <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>configuration using a
        ConfigMap.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>tkaur</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_rc1_3lz_5xb"><title><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>ConfigMap</title>Starting with Juniper
            Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) Release 23.3, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports customizing configuration using a
            ConfigMap when deployed in L3 mode. In cloud-based deployments, in the event of a node
            failure, the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>pods may be spawned on newer or different nodes. A ConfigMap decouples
            the configuration parameters from node names and is based on node labels instead. This
            enables the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>CNI deployer to consume the configuration parameters, apply them to the
            cRPD configuration template and render the configuration, as long as a matching label is
            available for the node.<p>A ConfigMap is an API object to store data in key-values
                pairs. A ConfigMap defines per node variables that are consumed by nodes matching
                the label. The key-value pairs are used to render the configuration via a go
                template. The configured template must be uploaded to the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>deployment wizard in
                the Google Cloud Marketplace.</p><note>
                <p>You must apply the ConfigMap before installing <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>to create cRPD pods with
                    default or custom configuration. The cRPD pod must be deleted and respawned
                    should you wish to apply the configuration parameters any time after <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation. The configuration parameters are applied by default to any newly
                    spawned cRPD pods. </p>
            </note></section>
        <section id="section_scf_grz_5xb"><title>Configuration Example</title><p>Sample ConfigMap
                and template files are provided below. </p><p>You define the key-value pair for
                different node labels in your cluster. An example of the <codeph>cRPD Config
                    Template</codeph> file is provided below:</p><codeblock>apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: jcnr-params
  namespace: jcnr
data:
  jcnr1: |
    {
      "isoLoopbackAddr": "49.0004.1000.0000.0001.00",
      "IPv4LoopbackAddr": "110.1.1.2",
      "srIPv4NodeIndex": "2000",
      "srIPv6NodeIndex": "3000",
      "BGPIPv4Neighbor": "110.1.1.254",
      "BGPLocalAsn": "64512"    
    }
  jcnr2: |
    {
      "isoLoopbackAddr": "49.0004.1000.0000.0000.00",
      "IPv4LoopbackAddr": "110.1.1.3",
      "srIPv4NodeIndex": "2001",
      "srIPv6NodeIndex": "3001",
      "BGPIPv4Neighbor": "110.1.2.254",
      "BGPLocalAsn": "64512"
    }</codeblock><p>The key-value pairs you define in the annotations is used to
                render the cRPD configuration via a go template. An example of the <codeph>cRPD
                    Config Map</codeph> template file is provided below:</p><codeblock>apply-groups [custom];
groups {
    custom {
        interfaces {
            lo0 {
                unit 0 {
                {{if .Params.isoLoopbackAddr}}
                    family iso {
                        address {{.Params.isoLoopbackAddr}};
                    }
                {{end}}
                    family inet {
                        address {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        routing-options {
            router-id {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}}
            route-distinguisher-id {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}}
        }
        protocols {
            isis {
                interface all;
                {{if and .Env.SRGB_START_LABEL .Env.SRGB_INDEX_RANGE}}
                source-packet-routing {
                    srgb start-label {{.Env.SRGB_START_LABEL}} index-range {{.Env.SRGB_INDEX_RANGE}};
                    node-segment {
                        {{if .Params.srIPv4NodeIndex}}
                        ipv4-index {{.Params.srIPv4NodeIndex}};
                        {{end}}
                        {{if .Params.srIPv6NodeIndex}}
                        ipv6-index {{.Params.srIPv6NodeIndex}};
                        {{end}}
                    }
                }
                {{end}}
                level 1 disable;
            }
            ldp {
                interface all;
            }
            mpls {
                interface all;
            }
        }
        policy-options {
            # policy to signal dynamic UDP tunnel attributes to BGP routes
            policy-statement udp-export {
                then community add udp;
            }
            community udp members encapsulation:0L:13;
        }
        protocols {
            bgp {
                group jcnrbgp1 {
                    type internal;
                    local-address {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                    local-as {{.Params.BGPLocalAsn}};
                    neighbor {{.Params.BGPIPv4Neighbor}};
                    family inet-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                    family inet6-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        routing-options {
                dynamic-tunnels {
                dyn-tunnels {
                    source-address {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                    udp;
                    destination-networks {{.Params.BGPIPv4Neighbor}}/32;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}</codeblock><note>
                <p>You can define additional cRPD configuration hierarchies in the template. The
                    values to be rendered from the ConfigMap defined in the
                        <codeph>jcnr-params-configmap.yaml</codeph> must be defined as
                            <codeph>{{.Params.<varname>var-name</varname>}}</codeph>. Any
                    environment variables, such as variables defined in
                    <codeph>values.yaml</codeph>, must be defined as
                            <codeph>{{.Env.<varname>variable_name</varname>}}</codeph>. </p>
            </note>Deploy the cloud-native router. Once the installation completes, <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-crpd-cli">access the cRPD CLI</xref> and
            issue the <codeph>show configuration | display set</codeph> command in the
                <codeph>cli</codeph> mode to view the custom configuration you
            applied.<codeblock id="codeblock_fd1_1zw_5zb">root@jcnr-01&gt; show configuration    
## Last commit: 2023-06-23 08:30:42 EDT by root
version 20230608.143922_builder.r1342735;
groups {
    base { /* OMITTED */ };
    custom {
        interfaces {
            lo0 {
                unit 0 {
                    family inet {
                        address 110.1.1.2/32;
                    }
                    family iso {
                        address 49.0004.1000.0000.0001.00;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        policy-options {
            # policy to signal dynamic UDP tunnel attributes to BGP routes
            policy-statement udp-export {
                then {
                    community add udp;
                }
            }
            community udp members encapsulation:0L:13;
        }
        routing-options {
            route-distinguisher-id 110.1.1.2;
            router-id 110.1.1.2;
            dynamic-tunnels {
                dyn-tunnels {
                    source-address 110.1.1.2;
                    udp;
                    destination-networks {
                        110.1.1.254/32;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        protocols {
            bgp {
                group jcnrbgp1 {
                    type internal;
                    local-address 110.1.1.2;
                    family inet-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                    family inet6-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                    local-as 64512;
                    neighbor 110.1.1.254;
                }
            }
            isis {
                interface all;
                source-packet-routing {
                    srgb start-label 400000 index-range 4000;
                    node-segment {
                        ipv4-index 2000;
                        ipv6-index 3000;
                    }                   
                }
                level 1 disable;
            }
            ldp {
                interface all;
            }
            mpls {
                interface all;
            }
        }
    }
    cni { /* OMITTED */ };
    internal { /* OMITTED */ };
}
apply-groups [ custom base internal ]; </codeblock></section>
        <section id="section_rzm_qpn_vyb"><title>Modifying the ConfigMap</title>If you wish to
            change the ConfigMap any time after <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation, you must delete the cRPD pod and
            respawn it using the following
            command:<codeblock>kubectl patch sts jcnr-0-crpd -n jcnr -p '{"spec":{"template":{"metadata":{"annotations":{"configmap-reload/timestamp":"'$(date +%s)'"}}}}}'</codeblock>This
            triggers a rolling restart of all cRPD pods. Alternatively, you can identify the cRPD
            pods on nodes for which the ConfigMap has changed and manually delete the pod. The
            ConfigMap changes will be applied automatically to any respawned pods.</section>
        <section id="section_ujq_mnc_wxb">
            <title>Troubleshooting</title>
            <p>The cRPD pod continues to restart in <codeph>CrashLoopBackOff</codeph> state if
                invalid configuration is rendered and applied via the go template. You can apply the
                rendered configuration manually to a running cRPD pod to validate the configuration
                and identify issues. For GCP deployment you can find the rendered config in
                    <codeph>/config</codeph> directory on the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>host as
                    <codeph>juniper.conf.master</codeph>.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    <related-links/>
</concept>