<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_320475bc3dc4efec-6e6d333a-1900a7e1195--7eaa" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Customize <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Configuration </title>
    <shortdesc>Read this topic to understand how to customize <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>configuration using a
        ConfigMap.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>tkaur</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_rc1_3lz_5xb"><title><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>ConfigMap</title>Starting with Juniper
            Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) Release 23.3, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports customizing configuration using a
            ConfigMap when deployed in L3 mode. In cloud-based deployments, in the event of a node
            failure, the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>pods may be spawned on newer or different nodes. A ConfigMap decouples
            the configuration parameters from node names and is based on node labels instead. This
            enables the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>CNI deployer to consume the configuration parameters, apply them to the
            cRPD configuration template and render the configuration, as long as a matching label is
            available for the node.<p>A ConfigMap is an API object to store data in key-values
                pairs. A ConfigMap defines per node variables that are consumed by nodes matching
                the label. The key-value pairs are used to render the configuration via a go
                template. The configured template must be available in the
                        <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/charts/jcnr-cni/files/</codeph>
                directory for the configuration to be applied to the cRPD pods.</p><note>
                <p>You must apply the ConfigMap before installing <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>to create cRPD pods with
                    custom configuration. The cRPD pod must be deleted and respawned should you wish
                    to apply the configuration parameters any time after <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation. The
                    configuration parameters are applied by default to any newly spawned cRPD pods.
                    The <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>customization via ConfigMap is optional.</p>
            </note><note>
                <p><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>also supports customization via node annotations for backward compatibility
                    with previous releases. Considering that node annotations are coupled with node
                    names, it is highly recommended to customize <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>via ConfigMaps, specifically
                    for cloud deployments. Refer to <xref format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/cloud-native-router23.2/cloud-native-router-deployment-guide/topics/concept/crpd-customization-node-annotation.html" scope="external">Customize JCNR Configuration using node
                        annotations</xref> for more information. </p>
            </note></section>
        <section id="section_scf_grz_5xb">
            <title>Configuration Example</title>
            <p>Sample ConfigMap and template files are available under
                        <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>&lt;release-number&gt;</varname>/helmchart/cRPD_examples</codeph>
                directory. </p>
            <p>You define the key-value pair for different node labels in your cluster. An example
                of the <codeph>jcnr-params-configmap.yaml</codeph> file is provided below:</p>
            <codeblock>apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: jcnr-params
  namespace: jcnr
data:
  jcnr1: |
    {
      "isoLoopbackAddr": "49.0004.1000.0000.0001.00",
      "IPv4LoopbackAddr": "110.1.1.2",
      "srIPv4NodeIndex": "2000",
      "srIPv6NodeIndex": "3000",
      "BGPIPv4Neighbor": "110.1.1.254",
      "BGPLocalAsn": "64512"    
    }
  jcnr2: |
    {
      "isoLoopbackAddr": "49.0004.1000.0000.0000.00",
      "IPv4LoopbackAddr": "110.1.1.3",
      "srIPv4NodeIndex": "2001",
      "srIPv6NodeIndex": "3001",
      "BGPIPv4Neighbor": "110.1.2.254",
      "BGPLocalAsn": "64512"
    }</codeblock>
            <p>The key-value pairs you define in the annotations is used to render the cRPD
                configuration via a go template. An example of the
                    <codeph>jcnr-cni-custom-config-cm.tmpl</codeph> template file is provided
                below:</p>
            <codeblock>apply-groups [custom];
groups {
    custom {
        interfaces {
            lo0 {
                unit 0 {
                {{if .Params.isoLoopbackAddr}}
                    family iso {
                        address {{.Params.isoLoopbackAddr}};
                    }
                {{end}}
                    family inet {
                        address {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        routing-options {
            router-id {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}}
            route-distinguisher-id {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}}
        }
        protocols {
            isis {
                interface all;
                {{if and .Env.SRGB_START_LABEL .Env.SRGB_INDEX_RANGE}}
                source-packet-routing {
                    srgb start-label {{.Env.SRGB_START_LABEL}} index-range {{.Env.SRGB_INDEX_RANGE}};
                    node-segment {
                        {{if .Params.srIPv4NodeIndex}}
                        ipv4-index {{.Params.srIPv4NodeIndex}};
                        {{end}}
                        {{if .Params.srIPv6NodeIndex}}
                        ipv6-index {{.Params.srIPv6NodeIndex}};
                        {{end}}
                    }
                }
                {{end}}
                level 1 disable;
            }
            ldp {
                interface all;
            }
            mpls {
                interface all;
            }
        }
        policy-options {
            # policy to signal dynamic UDP tunnel attributes to BGP routes
            policy-statement udp-export {
                then community add udp;
            }
            community udp members encapsulation:0L:13;
        }
        protocols {
            bgp {
                group jcnrbgp1 {
                    type internal;
                    local-address {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                    local-as {{.Params.BGPLocalAsn}};
                    neighbor {{.Params.BGPIPv4Neighbor}};
                    family inet-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                    family inet6-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        routing-options {
                dynamic-tunnels {
                dyn-tunnels {
                    source-address {{.Params.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                    udp;
                    destination-networks {{.Params.BGPIPv4Neighbor}}/32;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}</codeblock>
            <note>
                <p>You can define additional cRPD configuration hierarchies in the template. The
                    values to be rendered from the ConfigMap defined in the
                        <codeph>jcnr-params-configmap.yaml</codeph> must be defined as
                            <codeph>{{.Params.<varname>var-name</varname>}}</codeph>. Any
                    environment variables, such as variables defined in
                    <codeph>values.yaml</codeph>, must be defined as
                            <codeph>{{.Env.<varname>variable_name</varname>}}</codeph>. </p>
            </note>
            <p>Complete the following steps to apply the customizations.</p>
            <ol>
                <li>
                    <p>Label each node based on the keys used in the ConfigMap.</p>
                    <codeblock>kubectl label nodes &lt;node_name1&gt; jcnr.juniper.net/params-profile=jcnr1
kubectl label nodes &lt;node_name2&gt; jcnr.juniper.net/params-profile=jcnr2</codeblock>
                </li>
                <li>Apply the ConfigMap to the cluster nodes using the command provided
                    below:<codeblock># kubectl apply -f jcnr-params-configmap.yaml
configmap/jcnr-params created</codeblock></li>
                <li>Once the template is configured, you must copy the
                        <codeph>jcnr-cni-custom-config.tmpl</codeph> file to the
                            <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/charts/jcnr-cni/files/</codeph>
                    directory.<codeblock># cp Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/cRPD_examples/jcnr-cni-custom-config-cm.tmpl Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/charts/jcnr-cni/files/
#</codeblock></li>
                <li>Deploy the cloud-native router components, including the cRPD. Once the
                    installation completes, <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-crpd-cli">access the cRPD
                        CLI</xref> and issue the <codeph>show configuration | display set</codeph>
                    command in the <codeph>cli</codeph> mode to view the custom configuration you
                    applied.<codeblock>root@jcnr-01&gt; show configuration    
## Last commit: 2023-06-23 08:30:42 EDT by root
version 20230608.143922_builder.r1342735;
groups {
    base { /* OMITTED */ };
    custom {
        interfaces {
            lo0 {
                unit 0 {
                    family inet {
                        address 110.1.1.2/32;
                    }
                    family iso {
                        address 49.0004.1000.0000.0001.00;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        policy-options {
            # policy to signal dynamic UDP tunnel attributes to BGP routes
            policy-statement udp-export {
                then {
                    community add udp;
                }
            }
            community udp members encapsulation:0L:13;
        }
        routing-options {
            route-distinguisher-id 110.1.1.2;
            router-id 110.1.1.2;
            dynamic-tunnels {
                dyn-tunnels {
                    source-address 110.1.1.2;
                    udp;
                    destination-networks {
                        110.1.1.254/32;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        protocols {
            bgp {
                group jcnrbgp1 {
                    type internal;
                    local-address 110.1.1.2;
                    family inet-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                    family inet6-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                    local-as 64512;
                    neighbor 110.1.1.254;
                }
            }
            isis {
                interface all;
                source-packet-routing {
                    srgb start-label 400000 index-range 4000;
                    node-segment {
                        ipv4-index 2000;
                        ipv6-index 3000;
                    }                   
                }
                level 1 disable;
            }
            ldp {
                interface all;
            }
            mpls {
                interface all;
            }
        }
    }
    cni { /* OMITTED */ };
    internal { /* OMITTED */ };
}
apply-groups [ custom base internal ]; </codeblock></li>
            </ol>
        </section>
        <section id="section_rzm_qpn_vyb"><title>Modifying the ConfigMap</title>If you wish to
            change the ConfigMap any time after <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation, you must delete the cRPD pod and
            respawn it using the following
            command:<codeblock>kubectl patch sts kube-crpd-worker-sts -n jcnr -p '{"spec":{"template":{"metadata":{"annotations":{"configmap-reload/timestamp":"'$(date +%s)'"}}}}}'</codeblock>This
            triggers a rolling restart of all cRPD pods. Alternatively, you can identify the cRPD
            pods on nodes for which the ConfigMap has changed and manually delete the pod. The
            ConfigMap changes will be applied automatically to any respawned pods.</section>
        <section id="section_ujq_mnc_wxb">
            <title>Troubleshooting</title>
            <p>The cRPD pod continues to restart in <codeph>CrashLoopBackOff</codeph> state if
                invalid configuration is rendered and applied via the go template. The rendered
                configuration is saved in <codeph>/config</codeph> directory on the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>host as
                    <codeph>juniper.conf.master</codeph>. You can apply the rendered configuration
                manually to a running cRPD pod to validate the configuration and identify issues.
                For an AWS EKS deployment you can find the rendered config within the cRPD pod in
                the <codeph>/config</codeph> directory.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    <related-links/>
</concept>