<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_a33538cf07e1ce68-6158d76a-188c2d79ec8--7f88" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Customize <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Configuration using Node Annotations</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to understand how to customize <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>configuration using node
        annotations and custom configuration template.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <section id="section_rc1_3lz_5xb"><title>Node Annotations</title>Starting with Juniper
            Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) Release 23.2, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports customizing the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>configurations using node annotations when deployed in L3 mode. Node annotations are
            key-value pairs. The key-value pairs are used to render the cRPD configuration via a go
            template. The configured template must be available in the
                    <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/charts/jcnr-cni/files/</codeph>
            directory for the configuration to be applied to the cRPD pods.<note>
                <p>You must apply the node annotations before installing <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>to create cRPD pods
                    with custom configuration. The cRPD pod must be deleted and respawned should you
                    wish to apply the annotations any time after <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation. cRPD
                    customization via node annotations is optional.</p>
            </note></section>
    <section id="section_scf_grz_5xb"><title>Configuration Example</title><p>Sample node annotation
                and template files are available under
                        <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>&lt;release-number&gt;</varname>/helmchart/cRPD_examples</codeph>
                directory. </p><p>You define the key-value pair for each worker node of your
                cluster. An example of the <codeph>node-annotations.yaml</codeph> file is provided
                below:</p><codeblock>apiVersion: v1
kind: Node
metadata:
  name: 5d8s1-node1                                                <b>---&gt; Node name</b>  
  annotations:
    jcnr.juniper.net/params: '{                                     
        "isoLoopbackAddr": "49.0004.1000.0000.0001.00",            <b>---&gt; Key value pairs</b>
        "IPv4LoopbackAddr": "110.1.1.2",
        "srIPv4NodeIndex": "2000",
        "srIPv6NodeIndex": "3000",
        "BGPIPv4Neighbor": "110.1.1.254",
        "BGPLocalAsn": "64512"
    }'
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Node
metadata:
  name: 5d8s1-node2
  annotations:
    jcnr.juniper.net/params: '{
        "isoLoopbackAddr": "49.0004.1000.0000.0000.00",
        "IPv4LoopbackAddr": "110.1.1.3",
        "srIPv4NodeIndex": "2001",
        "srIPv6NodeIndex": "3002",
        "BGPIPv4Neighbor": "110.1.2.254",
        "BGPLocalAsn": "64512"
    }'</codeblock><p>The
                key-value pairs you define in the annotations is used to render the cRPD
                configuration via a go template. An example of the
                    <codeph>jcnr-cni-custom-config.tmpl</codeph> template file is provided
                below:</p><codeblock>    apply-groups [custom];
    groups {
        custom {
            interfaces {
                lo0 {
                    unit 0 {
                        {{if .Node.isoLoopbackAddr}}               <b>---&gt; key is replaced by value, if available for the node</b>
                        family iso {
                            address {{.Node.isoLoopbackAddr}};
                        }
                        {{end}}
                        family inet {
                            address {{.Node.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                        }
                    }
                }
            }
            routing-options {
               router-id {{.Node.IPv4LoopbackAddr}}
               route-distinguisher-id {{.Node.IPv4LoopbackAddr}}
            }
            protocols {
                isis {
                   interface all;
                   {{if and .Env.SRGB_START_LABEL .Env.SRGB_INDEX_RANGE}}    <b>---&gt; conditional statement based on environment variables</b>  
                   source-packet-routing {
                       srgb start-label {{.Env.SRGB_START_LABEL}} index-range {{.Env.SRGB_INDEX_RANGE}};
                       node-segment {
                           {{if .Node.srIPv4NodeIndex}}
                           ipv4-index {{.Node.srIPv4NodeIndex}};
                           {{end}}
                           {{if .Node.srIPv6NodeIndex}}
                           ipv6-index {{.Node.srIPv6NodeIndex}};
                           {{end}}
                       }
                   }
                   {{end}}
                   level 1 disable;
                }
                ldp {
                    interface all;
                }
                mpls {
                    interface all;
                }
                bgp {
                    interface all;
                }
            }
            policy-options {
                # policy to signal dynamic UDP tunnel attributes to BGP routes
                policy-statement udp-export {
                    then community add udp;
                }
                community udp members encapsulation:0L:13;
            }
            protocols {
                bgp {
                    group jcnrbgp1 {
                        type internal;
                        local-address {{.Node.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                        local-as {{.Node.BGPLocalAsn}};
                        neighbor {{.Node.BGPIPv4Neighbor}};
                        family inet-vpn {
                            unicast;
                        }
                        family inet6-vpn {
                            unicast;
                        }
                    }
                }
            }
            routing-options {
                    dynamic-tunnels {
                    dyn-tunnels {
                        source-address {{.Node.IPv4LoopbackAddr}};
                        udp;
                        destination-networks {{.Node.BGPIPv4Neighbor}}/32;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }</codeblock><note>
                <p>You can define additional cRPD configuration hierarchies in the template. The
                    values to be rendered from the annotations defined in the
                        <codeph>node-annotations.yaml</codeph> must be defined as
                            <codeph>{{.Node.<varname>key</varname>}}</codeph>. Any environment
                    variables, such as variables defined in <codeph>values.yaml</codeph>, must be
                    defined as <codeph>{{.Env.<varname>variable_name</varname>}}</codeph>. </p>
            </note><p>Once the template is configured, you must copy the
                    <codeph>jcnr-cni-custom-config.tmpl</codeph> file to the
                        <codeph>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/charts/jcnr-cni/files/</codeph>
                directory.</p><codeblock># cp Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/cRPD_examples/jcnr-cni-custom-config.tmpl Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/charts/jcnr-cni/files/
cp: overwrite 'Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>/helmchart/charts/jcnr-cni/files/jcnr-cni-custom-config.tmpl'? yes
#</codeblock>Apply
            the node annotations to the cluster nodes using the command provided
                below:<codeblock># kubectl apply -f node-annotation.yaml
node/5d8s1-node1 configured
node/5d8s1-node2 configured</codeblock><p>Deploy
                the cloud-native router components, including the cRPD. Once the installation
                completes, <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-crpd-cli">access the
                    cRPD CLI</xref> and issue the <codeph>show configuration | display set</codeph>
                command in the <codeph>cli</codeph> mode to view the custom configuration you
                applied.</p><codeblock>root@jcnr-01&gt; show configuration    
## Last commit: 2023-06-23 08:30:42 EDT by root
version 20230608.143922_builder.r1342735;
groups {
    base { /* OMITTED */ };
    custom {
        interfaces {
            lo0 {
                unit 0 {
                    family inet {
                        address 110.1.1.2/32;
                    }
                    family iso {
                        address 49.0004.1000.0000.0001.00;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        policy-options {
            # policy to signal dynamic UDP tunnel attributes to BGP routes
            policy-statement udp-export {
                then {
                    community add udp;
                }
            }
            community udp members encapsulation:0L:13;
        }
        routing-options {
            route-distinguisher-id 110.1.1.2;
            router-id 110.1.1.2;
            dynamic-tunnels {
                dyn-tunnels {
                    source-address 110.1.1.2;
                    udp;
                    destination-networks {
                        110.1.1.254/32;
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        protocols {
            bgp {
                group jcnrbgp1 {
                    type internal;
                    local-address 110.1.1.2;
                    family inet-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                    family inet6-vpn {
                        unicast;
                    }
                    local-as 64512;
                    neighbor 110.1.1.254;
                }
            }
            isis {
                interface all;
                source-packet-routing {
                    srgb start-label 400000 index-range 4000;
                    node-segment {
                        ipv4-index 2000;
                        ipv6-index 3000;
                    }                   
                }
                level 1 disable;
            }
            ldp {
                interface all;
            }
            mpls {
                interface all;
            }
        }
    }
    cni { /* OMITTED */ };
    internal { /* OMITTED */ };
}
apply-groups [ custom base internal ]; </codeblock></section>
        <section id="section_ujq_mnc_wxb">
            <title>Troubleshooting</title>
            <p>The cRPD pod continues to remain in <codeph>Pending</codeph> state if invalid
                configuration is rendered and applied via the go template. The rendered
                configuration is saved in <codeph>/etc/crpd</codeph> directory on the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>host as
                    <codeph>juniper.conf.master</codeph>. You can apply the rendered configuration
                manually to a running cRPD pod to validate the configuration and identify issues.
                For an AWS EKS deployment you can find the rendered config within the cRPD pod in
                the <codeph>/config</codeph> directory.</p>
        </section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>