<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_9643b326f08ee29f--1f31d707-18b42ca3eb4--7de6" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Deploying Service Chain (cSRX) with JCNR</title>
  <abstract>Read this section to customize and deploy a security services instance (cSRX) with the
    Cloud-Native Router.</abstract>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>You can integrate the Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) with <xref format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/us/en/products/security/srx-series/csrx-containerized-firewall.html" scope="external">Juniper's containerized SRX (cSRX)</xref> platform to provide
      security services such as IPsec. Using host-based service chaining, the cloud-native router is
      chained with a security service instance (cSRX) in the same Kubernetes cluster. The cSRX
      instance runs as a pod service in L3 mode. The cSRX instance is customized and deployed via a
      Helm chart. </p>
    <p>You have the option of deploying Juniper cSRX when you're installing <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>or after you've
      installed JCNR. See <xref href="../ref/jcnr-sw-download-packages.dita"/> for a
      description of the available packages.</p>
    <section>
      <title>Customize cSRX Helm Chart</title>
      <p>The cSRX service chaining instance is deployed via a Helm chart, either a standalone Helm
        chart or a combined Helm chart with JCNR. The deployment consists of two essential
        components:</p>
      <ul id="ul_pqb_jl4_hzb">
        <li>
          <p>csrx-init: This is an init container that prepares the configuration for the main cSRX
            application. It extracts the necessary information from the <codeph>values.yaml</codeph>
            file, processes it, and generates the configuration data for cSRX. This ensures that the
            main cSRX application starts with a valid, up-to-date configuration. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>csrx: The csrx is the main application container and the core component of the cSRX
            deployment. It relies on the configuration provided by the <codeph>csrx-init</codeph>
            container to function correctly. </p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>You can customize the cSRX deployment by specifying a range of configuration parameters in
        the <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> file. Key configuration options include:</p>
      <ul id="ul_qmw_kdx_hzb">
        <li>
          <p>interfaceType: This is the type of interface on the cSRX to connect to JCNR. Must be
            set to <codeph>vhost</codeph> only.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>interfaceConfigs: This is an array defining the interface IP address, gateway address
            and optionally routes. The interface IP must match the <codeph>localAddress</codeph>
            element in the <codeph>ipSecTunnelConfigs</codeph> array. The routes should contain
            prefixes to steer decrypted traffic to <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>and reachability route for IPSec
            gateway.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>ipSecTunnelConfigs: This is an array defining the IPsec configuration details such as
            ike-phase1, proposal, policy and gateway configuration. Traffic selector should contain
            traffic that is expected to be encrypted.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>jcnr_config: This is an array defining the routes to be configured in <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>to steer
            traffic from <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>to cSRX and to steer IPsec traffic from the remote IPsec gateway to
            the cSRX to apply the security service chain. </p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Here is the default <codeph>csrx</codeph> section in <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> for
        cSRX deployment:</p>
      <codeblock id="codeblock_a4m_hxm_y1c">csrx:
  # Default values for cSRX.
  # This is a YAML-formatted file.
  # Declare variables to be passed into your templates.

  common:
    registry: enterprise-hub.juniper.net/
    repository: jcnr-container-prod/

    csrxInit:
      image: csrx-init
      tag: f4tgt33
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
      resources:
        #limits:
        #  memory: 1Gi
        #  cpu: 1
        #requests:
        #  memory: 1Gi
        #  cpu: 1

    csrx:
      image: csrx
      tag: 24.1R1.4
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
      resources:
        limits:
          hugepages-1Gi: 6Gi
          memory: 4Gi
        requests:
          hugepages-1Gi: 6Gi
          memory: 4Gi

  # nodeAffinity: Can be used to inject nodeAffinity for cSRX
  # you may label the nodes where we wish to deploy cSRX and inject affinity accordingly
  #nodeAffinity:
  #- key: node-role.kubernetes.io/worker
  #  operator: Exists
  #- key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master
  #  operator: DoesNotExist
  #- key: kubernetes.io/hostname
  #  operator: In
  #  values:
  #  - example-host-1

  replicas: 1

  interfaceType: "vhost"

  interfaceConfigs:
    #- name: eth1
    #  ip: 181.1.1.1/30          # should match ipSecTunnelConfigs localAddress if configured
    #  gateway: 181.1.1.2        # gateway configuration
    #  ip6: 181:1:1::1/64        # optional
    #  ip6Gateway: 181:1:1::2    # optional
    #  routes:                   # this field is optional
    #  - "191.1.1.0/24"
    #  - "200.1.1.0/24"
    #- name: eth2
    #  ip: 1.21.1.1/30           # should match ipSecTunnelConfigs localAddress if configured
    #  gateway: 1.21.1.2         # gateway configuration
    #  ip6: 181:2:1::1/64                     # optional
    #  ip6Gateway: 181:2:1::2               # optional
    #  routes:                   # this field is optional
    #  - "111.1.1.0/24"
    #  - "192.1.1.0/24"

  ipSecTunnelConfigs:       # untrust
    #- interface: eth1       ## section ike-phase1, proposal, policy, gateway
    #  gateway: 171.1.1.1
    #  localAddress: 181.1.1.1
    #  authenticationAlgorithm: sha-256
    #  encryptionAlgorithm: aes-256-cbc
    #  preSharedKey: "$9$zt3l3AuIRhev8FnNVsYoaApu0RcSyev8XO1NVYoDj.P5F9AyrKv8X"
    #  trafficSelector:
    #  - name: ts1
    #    localIP: 111.1.1.0/24 ## IP cannot be 0.0.0.0/0
    #    remoteIP: 222.1.1.0/24 ## IP cannot be 0.0.0.0/0

  jcnr_config:
    #- name: eth1
    #  routes:
    #    - "121.1.1.0/24"

  csrx_ctrl_cpu: "0x01"

  csrx_data_cpu: "0x04"

</codeblock>
      <!--<codeblock id="codeblock_jll_fgx_hzb"># Default values for cSRX.
# This is a YAML-formatted file.
# Declare variables to be passed into your templates.

common:
  registry: enterprise-hub.juniper.net
  repository: jcnr-container-prod

  csrxInit:
    image: junos-csrx-init
    tag: 23.4R1.9
    imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
    resources:
      #limits:
      #  memory: 1Gi
      #  cpu: 1
      #requests:
      #  memory: 1Gi
      #  cpu: 1

  csrx:
    image: junos-csrx
    tag: 23.4R1.9
    imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
    resources:
      limits:
        hugepages-1Gi: 4Gi
        memory: 4Gi
      requests:
        hugepages-1Gi: 4Gi
        memory: 4Gi

# uncomment below if you are using a private registry that needs authentication
# registryCredentials - Base64 representation of your Docker registry credentials
# secretName - Name of the Secret object that will be created
#imagePullSecret:
  #registryCredentials: &lt;base64-encoded-credential&gt;
  #secretName: regcred

# nodeAffinity: Can be used to inject nodeAffinity for cSRX
# you may label the nodes where we wish to deploy cSRX and inject affinity accordingly
#nodeAffinity:
#- key: node-role.kubernetes.io/worker
#  operator: Exists
#- key: node-role.kubernetes.io/master
#  operator: DoesNotExist
#- key: kubernetes.io/hostname
#  operator: In
#  values:
#  - example-host-1

replicas: 1

interfaceType: "vhost"        

interfaceConfigs:
  - name: eth1
    ip: 171.1.1.1/30          # should match ipSecTunnelConfigs localAddress if configured
    gateway: 171.1.1.2        # gateway configuration
    #ip6: 171:1:1::1/64        # optional
    #ip6Gateway: 171:1:1::2    # optional
    routes:                   # this field is optional
    - "181.1.1.0/24"
    #- "200.1.1.0/24"
  - name: eth2
    ip: 1.21.1.1/30           # should match ipSecTunnelConfigs localAddress if configured
    gateway: 1.21.1.2         # gateway configuration
    #ip6: 181:2:1::1/64                     # optional
    #ip6Gateway: 181:2:1::2               # optional
    routes:                   # this field is optional
    - "222.1.1.0/24"
    #- "192.1.1.0/24"
 
ipSecTunnelConfigs:       # untrust
  - interface: eth1       ## section ike-phase1, proposal, policy, gateway
    gateway: 181.1.1.1
    localAddress: 171.1.1.1
    authenticationAlgorithm: sha-256
    encryptionAlgorithm: aes-256-cbc
    preSharedKey: "$9$zt3l3AuIRhev8FnNVsYoaApu0RcSyev8XO1NVYoDj.P5F9AyrKv8X"
    trafficSelector:
    - name: ts1
      localIP: 222.1.1.0/24 ## IP cannot be 0.0.0.0/0
      remoteIP: 111.1.1.0/24 ## IP cannot be 0.0.0.0/0
 
jcnr_config:
  - name: eth2
    routes:
      - "111.1.1.0/24"
 
csrx_ctrl_cpu: "0x01"
 
csrx_data_cpu: "0x0A"</codeblock>-->
    </section>
    <section id="section_nbd_hgx_hzb">
      <title>Install cSRX</title>
      <p>Follow this procedure to install the cSRX instance. You can install Juniper cSRX during or
        after <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation. </p>
      <p>If you're installing Juniper cSRX at the same time as you're installing JCNR, then use the
        combination Helm chart. This Helm chart contains both <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>and cSRX configuration.</p>
      <p>If you're installing Juniper cSRX on an existing <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation, then use the standalone
        cSRX Helm chart. This Helm chart contains only cSRX configuration.</p>
      <p>See <xref href="../ref/jcnr-sw-download-packages.dita"/> for a description
        of the software packages available.</p>
      <ol>
        <li><p>Ensure you have the latest software package downloaded and expanded. You must be in
            the
              <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_CSRX_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname></filepath>
            directory or the <filepath>junos_csrx_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname></filepath>
            directory.</p></li>
        <li>The cSRX container images are required for deployment. You can skip this step if you're
          installing Juniper cSRX alongside <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>because you're already done this. If you're
          installing Juniper cSRX on an existing <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation, then choose one of the following
            options:<ol id="ol_w1t_zxk_vzb">
            <li>Download and deploy images from the Juniper
                repository—<codeph>enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeph>. Review the <xref format="html" href="https://uat.juniper.net/documentation/test/us/en/software/cloud-native-router/cloud-native-router-deployment-guide/topics/concept/cn-cloud-native-k8s-configure-secrets.html" scope="external">Configure Repository Credentials</xref> topic for
              instructions on how to configure repository credentials in the deployment helm
              chart.</li>
            <li>You can upload the cSRX images either to a local docker or to your own docker
              respository using the <codeph>docker load</codeph> command. The images are available
              in the <filepath>images</filepath>
              directory.<codeblock id="codeblock_w31_dyk_vzb">docker load -i images/csrx-images.tgz</codeblock>
            </li>
          </ol></li>
        <li>Enter the cSRX license into the <codeph>secrets/csrx-secrets.yaml</codeph> file. You
          must enter the password and license in base64 encoded format. You can view the sample
          contents of the <codeph>csrx-secrets.yaml</codeph> file
            below:<codeblock id="codeblock_d4b_n3x_hzb">apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: service-chain-instance
  namespace: jcnr
data:
  csrx_license: |
    &lt;add your license in base64 format&gt;</codeblock><note id="note_tyl_54c_1bc"><p>If the <codeph>secrets/csrx-secrets.yaml</codeph> file does not exist in your
              software package, then create it from the sample above.</p></note><p>To encode the
            license file, copy the license file onto your host server and issue the
            command:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_txc_t3x_hzb">base64 -w 0 licenseFile</codeblock><p>You
            must copy the base64 output and paste it into the
              <codeph>secrets/csrx-secrets.yaml</codeph> file in the appropriate location.</p><note id="note_uzx_x3x_hzb"><p>You must obtain your license file from your account team and
              install it in the secrets.yaml file as instructed above. The csrx-init container
              performs a license check and proceeds only if the required secret
                <codeph>service-chain-instance</codeph> is found. </p></note></li>
        <li><p>Apply the <codeph>csrx-secrets.yaml</codeph> to the Kubernetes
          system.</p><codeblock id="codeblock_yj5_cjx_hzb">kubectl apply -f secrets/secrets.yaml
secret/service-chain-instance created</codeblock></li>
        <li><p>If you're installing Juniper cSRX on an existing <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation, then ensure all
            components of <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>are up and running before installing the cSRX instance.</p></li>
        <li><p>Configure the cSRX Helm chart in the
                <filepath>junos_csrx_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>/helmchart</filepath> directory
            or the cSRX section of the combination Helm chart in the
                <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_CSRX_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>/helmchart</filepath>
            directory. Refer to the cSRX parameter descriptions above to configure cSRX. </p></li>
        <li>If you're installing Juniper cSRX at the same time that you're installing JCNR, then
          skip this step. You'll install cSRX when you install the main <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Helm chart. If you're
          installing Juniper cSRX on an existing <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation, then install the cSRX Helm chart
          now. Navigate to the
            <filepath>junos_csrx_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>/helmchart/junos-csrx</filepath>
          directory and issue the following command to install the cSRX
          instance.<codeblock id="codeblock_w3c_fhv_jzb">helm install csrx .</codeblock></li>
      </ol>
    </section>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link keyref="cloud-native-router-user.jcnr-and-security-services"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>