<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7cd7" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Install and Verify Juniper Cloud-Native Router for OpenShift Deployment</title>
    <shortdesc>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router (cloud-native router) uses the the JCNR-Controller
        (cRPD) to provide control plane capabilities and JCNR-CNI to provide a container network
        interface. Juniper Cloud-Native Router uses the DPDK-enabled vRouter to provide
        high-performance data plane capabilities and Syslog-NG to provide notification functions.
        This section explains how you can install these components of the Cloud-Native Router on Red
        Hat OpenShift Container Platform (OCP). </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>tkaur</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <task id="task_rdw_nj5_mpb">
        <title>Install Juniper Cloud-Native Router Using Helm Chart</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_zdt_npy_wtb">
                <p>Read this section to learn the steps required to install the cloud-native router
                    components using Helm charts.</p>
            </context>
            <steps id="steps_gn1_m3l_gxb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Review the <xref href="system-resource-requirements-ocp.dita">System Requirements for OpenShift Deployment</xref> to ensure the
                        cluster has all the required configuration. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Download the desired Cloud-Native Router software package to the directory
                        of your choice. </cmd>
                    <info>You have the option of downloading the package to install Cloud-Native
                        Router only or downloading the package to install JNCR together with Juniper
                        cSRX. See <xref href="../ref/jcnr-sw-download-packages.dita"/> for a description of the packages available. If you don't want to install
                        Juniper cSRX now, you can always choose to install Juniper cSRX on your
                        working Cloud-Native Router installation later.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Expand the file
                                <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release-number</varname>.tgz</filepath>.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>tar xzvf Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release-number</varname>.tgz</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Change directory to the main installation directory.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <ul id="ul_rkw_yf4_xbc">
                            <li><p>If you're installing Cloud-Native Router only,
                                then:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_eq4_cfj_1bc">cd Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname></codeblock>This
                                directory contains the Helm chart for Cloud-Native Router only.</li>
                            <li><p>If you're installing Cloud-Native Router and cSRX at the same
                                    time, then:
                                </p><codeblock id="codeblock_ut5_l2j_1bc">cd Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_CSRX_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname></codeblock>This
                                directory contains the combination Helm chart for Cloud-Native
                                Router and cSRX.</li>
                        </ul>
                        <note id="note_uxn_fg4_xbc">
                            <p>All remaining steps in the installation assume that your current
                                working directory is now either
                                        <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname></filepath>
                                or
                                        <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_CSRX_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>.</filepath></p>
                        </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>View the contents in the current directory.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>ls
helmchart  images  README.md  scripts secrets</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Change to the <filepath>helmchart</filepath> directory and expand the Helm
                        chart.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_pjq_21q_sbc">cd helmchart</codeblock>
                        <ul id="ul_anj_224_xbc">
                            <li><p>For Cloud-Native Router
                                only:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_c2t_mfq_sbc">ls
jcnr-<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>.tgz</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_cpv_n1q_sbc">tar -xzvf jcnr-<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>.tgz</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_ukc_1bq_sbc">ls
jcnr   jcnr-<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>.tgz</codeblock>The
                                Helm chart is located in the <filepath>jcnr</filepath>
                                directory.</li>
                            <li><p>For the combined Cloud-Native Router and
                                cSRX:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_c33_xd4_xbc">ls
jcnr_csrx-<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>.tgz</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_d33_xd4_xbc">tar -xzvf jcnr_csrx-<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>.tgz</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_e33_xd4_xbc">ls
jcnr_csrx   jcnr_csrx-<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>.tgz</codeblock>The
                                Helm chart is located in the <filepath>jcnr_csrx</filepath>
                                directory.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>The Cloud-Native Router container images are required for deployment.
                        Choose one of the following options: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <ul id="ul_kds_vb3_4bc">
                            <li>
                                <p>Configure your cluster to deploy images from the Juniper Networks
                                        <codeph>enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeph> repository. See
                                        <xref href="cn-cloud-native-k8s-configure-secrets.dita"/> for instructions on how to configure repository credentials
                                    in the deployment Helm chart.</p>
                            </li>
                            <li>
                                <p>Configure your cluster to deploy images from the images tarball
                                    included in the downloaded Cloud-Native Router software package.
                                    See <xref href="../task/jcnr-deploy-prepackaged-images.dita"/> for instructions on how to import images to the local
                                    container runtime.</p>
                            </li>
                        </ul>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Follow the steps in <xref href="../topic-map/jcnr-licensing.dita#task_tk3_jgp_41c"/> to
                        install your Cloud-Native Router license.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step id="step_vtx_pzw_kxb">
                    <cmd>Enter the root password for your host server into the
                            <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath> file at the following
                        line:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_mrc_fmm_51c">  root-password: &lt;add your password in base64 format&gt;</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>You must enter the password in base64-encoded format. Encode your password
                        as follows:
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_eqx_kyz_51c">echo -n "<varname>password</varname>" | base64 -w0</codeblock>Copy
                        the output of this command into
                            <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Apply <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath> to the cluster.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_qxz_skm_51c">kubectl apply -f secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml
namespace/jcnr created
secret/jcnr-secrets created</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If desired, configure how cores are assigned to the vRouter DPDK
                        containers. See <xref href="../topic-map/jcnr-configure-vrouter-performance.dita"/>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Customize the Helm chart for your deployment using the
                            <filepath>helmchart/jcnr/values.yaml</filepath> or
                            <filepath>helmchart/jcnr_csrx/values.yaml</filepath> file.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>See <xref href="deployment-config-files-ocp.dita"/>
                            for descriptions of the Helm chart configurations.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Optionally, customize Cloud-Native Router configuration.</cmd>
                    <info>See <xref href="crpd-customization-node-configlet.dita"/>
                        for creating and applying the cRPD customizations.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you're installing Juniper cSRX now, then follow the procedure in <xref href="../topic-map/jcnr-deploy-csrx.dita#task_zly_rd3_1bc"/>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Deploy the Juniper Cloud-Native Router using the Helm chart. </cmd>
                    <info>Navigate to the <filepath>helmchart/jcnr</filepath> or the
                            <filepath>helmchart/jcnr_csrx</filepath> directory and run the following
                        command:<codeblock id="codeblock_cpj_vn4_xbc">helm install jcnr .</codeblock>or<codeblock id="codeblock_x5b_vk4_xbc">helm install jcnr-csrx .</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_nbg_yk4_xbc">NAME: jcnr
LAST DEPLOYED: Fri Dec 22 06:04:33 2023
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="ds-v-jcnr-cni">
                    <cmd>Confirm Juniper Cloud-Native Router deployment.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>helm ls</codeblock>
                        <p>Sample output:</p>
                        <codeblock>
NAME		NAMESPACE	REVISION		UPDATED                                	STATUS  		CHART                  	APP VERSION
jcnr		default  	1       		2023-12-22 06:04:33.144611017 -0400 EDT	deployed		jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>				<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_tff_k2p_15b">
        <title>Verify Installation</title>
        <abstract>
            <shortdesc>This section enables you to confirm a successful Cloud-Native Router
                deployment.</shortdesc>
        </abstract>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_gwg_wqy_tbc">
                <note id="note_icd_xqy_tbc">
                    <p>The output shown in this example procedure is affected by the number of nodes
                        in the cluster. The output you see in your setup may differ in that
                        regard.</p>
                </note>
            </context>
            <steps id="steps_pbq_m2p_15b">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the state of the Cloud-Native Router pods by issuing the
                            <codeph>kubectl get pods -A</codeph> command.</cmd>
                    <info>The output of the <codeph>kubectl</codeph> command shows all of the pods
                        in the Kubernetes cluster in all namespaces. Successful deployment means
                        that all pods are in the running state. In this example we have marked the
                        Juniper Cloud-Native Router Pods in <b>bold</b>. For
                        example:<codeblock>kubectl get pods -A</codeblock><codeblock scale="70">
NAMESPACE                                          NAME                                                         READY   STATUS             RESTARTS       AGE
<b>contrail                                           jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-b2jxp                       2/2     Running            0              16d     
contrail                                           jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-vrdpdk-g7wrk                1/1     Running            0              16d
jcnr                                               jcnr-0-crpd-0                                                1/1     Running            0              16d     
jcnr                                               syslog-ng-vh89p                                              1/1     Running            0              16d </b>    
openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator             tuned-zccwc                                                  1/1     Running            8              69d     
openshift-dns                                      dns-default-wmchn                                            2/2     Running            14             69d     
openshift-dns                                      node-resolver-dm9b7                                          1/1     Running            8              69d     
openshift-image-registry                           image-pruner-28212480-bpn9w                                  0/1     Completed          0              2d11h   
openshift-image-registry                           image-pruner-28213920-9jk74                                  0/1     Completed          0              35h     
openshift-image-registry                           node-ca-jbwlx                                                1/1     Running            8              69d     
openshift-ingress-canary                           ingress-canary-k6jqs                                         1/1     Running            8              69d     
openshift-ingress                                  router-default-55dff9cbc5-kz8bg                              1/1     Running            1              62d     
openshift-kni-infra                                coredns-node-warthog-41                                      2/2     Running            16             69d     
openshift-kni-infra                                keepalived-node-warthog-41                                   2/2     Running            14             69d     
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-daemon-w8fbh                                  2/2     Running            16             69d     
openshift-monitoring                               alertmanager-main-1                                          6/6     Running            7              62d     
openshift-monitoring                               node-exporter-rbht9                                          2/2     Running            15             69d     
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-adapter-7d77cfb894-nx29s                          1/1     Running            0              6d18h   
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-k8s-1                                             6/6     Running            6              62d     
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-operator-admission-webhook-7d4759d465-mv98x       1/1     Running            1              62d     
openshift-monitoring                               thanos-querier-6d77dcb87-c4pr6                               6/6     Running            6              62d     
openshift-multus                                   multus-additional-cni-plugins-jbrv2                          1/1     Running            8              69d     
openshift-multus                                   multus-x2ddp                                                 1/1     Running            8              69d     
openshift-multus                                   network-metrics-daemon-tg528                                 2/2     Running            16             69d     
openshift-network-diagnostics                      network-check-target-mqr4t                                   1/1     Running            8              69d     
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               collect-profiles-28216020-66xqc                              0/1     Completed          0              6m8s    
openshift-ovn-kubernetes                           ovnkube-node-d4g2s                                           5/5     Running            37             69d   <b> </b></codeblock></info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the Cloud-Native Router daemonsets by issuing the <codeph>kubectl
                            get ds -A</codeph> command.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>Use the <codeph>kubectl get ds -A</codeph> command to get a list of
                            daemonsets. The Cloud-Native Router daemonsets are highlighted in bold
                            text.</p>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get ds -A</codeblock>
                        <codeblock scale="70">
NAMESPACE                                NAME                                      DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR                                                 AGE
<b>contrail                                 jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes          1         1         1       1            1           &lt;none&gt;                                                        16d
contrail                                 jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-vrdpdk   1         1         1       1            1           &lt;none&gt;                                                        16d
jcnr                                     syslog-ng                                 1         1         1       1            1           &lt;none&gt;                                                        16d</b>
openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator   tuned                                     5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-dns                            dns-default                               5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-dns                            node-resolver                             5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-image-registry                 node-ca                                   5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-ingress-canary                 ingress-canary                            2         2         2       2            2           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-machine-api                    ironic-proxy                              3         3         3       3            3           node-role.kubernetes.io/master=                               69d
openshift-machine-config-operator        machine-config-daemon                     5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-machine-config-operator        machine-config-server                     3         3         3       3            3           node-role.kubernetes.io/master=                               69d
openshift-monitoring                     node-exporter                             5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-multus                         multus                                    5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-multus                         multus-additional-cni-plugins             5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-multus                         network-metrics-daemon                    5         5         5       5            5           kubernetes.io/os=linux                                        69d
openshift-network-diagnostics            network-check-target                      5         5         5       5            5           beta.kubernetes.io/os=linux                                   69d
openshift-ovn-kubernetes                 ovnkube-master                            3         3         3       3            3           beta.kubernetes.io/os=linux,node-role.kubernetes.io/master=   69d
openshift-ovn-kubernetes                 ovnkube-node                    5         5         5       5            5           beta.kubernetes.io/os=linux                                   69d</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the Cloud-Native Router statefulsets by issuing the <codeph>kubectl
                            get statefulsets -A</codeph> command.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>The command output provides the statefulsets.</p>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get statefulsets -A</codeblock>
                        <codeblock>
NAMESPACE              NAME                   READY   AGE<b>
jcnr                   jcnr-0-crpd            1/1     16d</b>
openshift-monitoring   alertmanager-main      2/2     69d
openshift-monitoring   prometheus-k8s         2/2     69d</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify if the cRPD is licensed and has the appropriate configurations</cmd>
                    <substeps id="substeps_v4c_p4k_3xb">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>View the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-crpd-cli">access the cRPD CLI</xref> section to access the cRPD CLI.
                            </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Once you have access the cRPD CLI, issue the <codeph>show system
                                    license</codeph> command in the cli mode to view the system
                                licenses. For example:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>root@jcnr-01:/# cli
root@jcnr-01&gt; show system license
License usage:
                                 Licenses     Licenses    Licenses    Expiry
  Feature name                       used    installed      needed
  containerized-rpd-standard            1        1           0    2024-09-20 16:59:00 PDT
 
Licenses installed:
  License identifier: 85e5229f-0c64-0000-c10e4-a98c09ab34a1
  License SKU: S-CRPD-10-A1-PF-5
  License version: 1
  Order Type: commercial
  Software Serial Number: 1000098711000-iHpgf
  Customer ID: Juniper Networks Inc.
  License count: 15000
  Features:
    containerized-rpd-standard - Containerized routing protocol daemon with standard features
      date-based, 2022-08-21 17:00:00 PDT - 2027-09-20 16:59:00 PDT</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Issue the <codeph>show configuration | display set</codeph>
                                command in the cli mode to view the cRPD default and custom
                                configuration. The output will be based on the custom configuration
                                and the Cloud-Native Router deployment mode.</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>root@jcnr-01# cli          
root@jcnr-01&gt; show configuration | display set </codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the <codeph>exit</codeph> command to exit from the pod shell.
                            </cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the vRouter interfaces configuration</cmd>
                    <substeps id="substeps_edk_3nk_3xb">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>View the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-vrouter-cli">access
                                    the vRouter CLI</xref> section to access the vRouter CLI. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Once you have accessed the vRouter CLI, issue the <codeph>vif
                                    --list</codeph> command to view the vRouter interfaces . The
                                output will depend upon the Cloud-Native Router deployment mode and
                                configuration. An example for L3 mode deployment, with two fabric
                                interfaces configured, is provided below:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>$ vif --list 

Vrouter Interface Table

Flags: P=Policy, X=Cross Connect, S=Service Chain, Mr=Receive Mirror
       Mt=Transmit Mirror, Tc=Transmit Checksum Offload, L3=Layer 3, L2=Layer 2
       D=DHCP, Vp=Vhost Physical, Pr=Promiscuous, Vnt=Native Vlan Tagged
       Mnp=No MAC Proxy, Dpdk=DPDK PMD Interface, Rfl=Receive Filtering Offload, Mon=Interface is Monitored
       Uuf=Unknown Unicast Flood, Vof=VLAN insert/strip offload, Df=Drop New Flows, L=MAC Learning Enabled
       Proxy=MAC Requests Proxied Always, Er=Etree Root, Mn=Mirror without Vlan Tag, HbsL=HBS Left Intf
       HbsR=HBS Right Intf, Ig=Igmp Trap Enabled, Ml=MAC-IP Learning Enabled, Me=Multicast Enabled

vif0/0      Socket: unix MTU: 1514
            Type:Agent HWaddr:00:00:5e:00:01:00
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX port   packets:864 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:864  bytes:75536 errors:0
            TX packets:13609  bytes:1419892 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/1      PCI: 0000:17:00.0 (Speed 25000, Duplex 1) NH: 6 MTU: 9000
            Type:Physical HWaddr:40:a6:b7:a0:f0:6c IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:0 Flags:TcL3L2Vof QOS:0 Ref:9
            RX port   packets:243886 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:17:00.0  Status: UP  Driver: net_ice
            RX packets:243886  bytes:20529529 errors:0
            TX packets:243244  bytes:20010274 errors:0
            Drops:2675
            TX port   packets:243244 errors:0

vif0/2      PCI: 0000:17:00.1 (Speed 25000, Duplex 1) NH: 7 MTU: 9000
            Type:Physical HWaddr:40:a6:b7:a0:f0:6d IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:0 Flags:TcL3L2Vof QOS:0 Ref:8
            RX port   packets:129173 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:17:00.1  Status: UP  Driver: net_ice
            RX packets:129173  bytes:11623158 errors:0
            TX packets:129204  bytes:11624377 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX port   packets:129204 errors:0

vif0/3      PMD: ens1f0 NH: 10 MTU: 9000
            Type:Host HWaddr:40:a6:b7:a0:f0:6c IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:65535 Flags:L3L2DProxyEr QOS:-1 Ref:11 TxXVif:1 
            RX device packets:242329  bytes:19965464 errors:0
            RX queue  packets:242329 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:242329  bytes:19965464 errors:0
            TX packets:241163  bytes:20324343 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX queue  packets:241163 errors:0
            TX device packets:241163  bytes:20324343 errors:0

vif0/4      PMD: ens1f1 NH: 15 MTU: 9000
            Type:Host HWaddr:40:a6:b7:a0:f0:6d IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:65535 Flags:L3L2DProxyEr QOS:-1 Ref:11 TxXVif:2 
            RX device packets:129204  bytes:11624377 errors:0
            RX queue  packets:129204 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:129204  bytes:11624377 errors:0
            TX packets:129173  bytes:11623158 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX queue  packets:129173 errors:0
            TX device packets:129173  bytes:11623158 errors:0</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the <codeph>exit</codeph> command to exit the pod shell.
                            </cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</topic-map>