<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_1239e271fcf6474a-1f720ebc-18dd5a994af--7ff4" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Juniper Cloud-Native Router vRouter Datapath</title>
  <shortdesc>Cloud-Native Router supports both Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) and extended
    Berkley Packet Filter (eBPF) eXpress Data Path (XDP) datapath based vRouter forwarding plane. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>The Cloud-Native Router vRouter forwarding plane supports both the Data Plane Development Kit
      (DPDK) and extended Berkley Packet Filter (eBPF) eXpress Data Path (XDP) datapath for
      high-speed packet processing. </p>
    <section id="section_imn_5pk_n1c"><title>Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK)</title><p>DPDK is an
        open-source set of libraries and drivers for rapid packet processing. DPDK enables fast
        packet processing by allowing network interface cards (NICs) to send direct memory access
        (DMA) packets directly into an application’s address space. This method of packet routing
        lets the application poll for packets, which prevents the overhead of interrupts from the
        NIC. </p>DPDK's poll mode drivers (PMDs) use the physical interface (NIC) of a VM's host
      instead of the Linux kernel's interrupt-based drivers. The NIC's registers operate in user
      space, which makes them accessible by DPDK’s PMDs. As a result, the host OS does not need to
      manage the NIC's registers. This means that the DPDK application manages all packet polling,
      packet processing, and packet forwarding of a NIC. Instead of waiting for an I/O interrupt to
      occur, a DPDK application constantly polls for packets and processes these packets immediately
      upon receiving them.<p>The vRouter dataplane is based off of DPDK 24.11.</p></section>

    <section><title>eBPF XDP</title>
      <note id="note_djz_fdm_s1c">
        <p>This is a <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.juniper-jcnr-tech-preview">Juniper
            Technology Preview (Tech Preview)</xref> feature.</p>
      </note>
      <p>Cloud-Native Router also supports an eBPF XDP datapath based vRouter. eBPF (extended
        Berkley Packet Filter) is a Linux kernel technology that executes user-defined programs
        inside a sandbox virtual machine. It enables low-level networking programs to execute with
        optimal performance. The eXpress Data Path (XDP) frameworks enables high-speed packet
        processing for the eBPF programs. Cloud-Native Router supports XDP in native (driver) mode
        on Baremental server deployments for limited drivers only. Please see the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-deployment-guide.system-resource-requirements-bms">System
          Requirements</xref> for more details.<subsection id="subsection_o3s_gsh_41c">
          <title>Benefits of eBPF XDP Datapath</title>
          <p>Benefits of eBPF XDP Datapath include:</p>
          <ul id="ul_wsy_tfk_n1c">
            <li>An eBPF XDP kernel program and its custom library is easier to maintain across
              kernel versions and has wider kernel compatibility. The kernel dependencies are
              limited to a small set of eBPF helper functions. </li>
            <li>The program is safer since it is analysed by the in-built Linux eBPF verifier before
              it is loaded into the kernel.</li>
            <li>Offers higher performance using kernel bypass and omitting socket buffer (skb)
              allocation.</li>
          </ul>
        </subsection><subsection id="subsection_gt4_xcj_p1c">
          <title>Supported Cloud-Native Router Features for eBPF XDP</title>
          <p>The following Cloud-Native Router Features are supported with eBPF XDP for IPv4 traffic
            only:</p>
          <ul id="ul_a1p_1dj_p1c">
            <li>
              <p>L3 traffic with Cloud-Native Router deployed as a sending, receiving or transit
                router</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>VRF-Lite</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>MPLSoUDP </p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>IGPs—OSPF, IS-IS</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>BGP route advertisements </p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </subsection></p>
      <note id="note_fy5_rrh_41c">
        <p>When deploying JCNR, you can configure the <codeph>agentModeType</codeph> attribute in
          the helmchart to select either a DPDK based or eBPF XDP datapath based vRouter. </p>
      </note></section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>