<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_c0b3c49bbf8a8319--891c1fe-191b8839e55--7c57" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Readiness Checks</title>
  <shortdesc>Learn how <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Readiness checks verify that your <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation is working properly. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>bfong</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  
  <conbody>
    <p><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Readiness checks are a set of tests that validate your installation. They consist of
      preflight and postflight checks.</p>
    <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Preflight checks</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Preflight checks verify that your cluster nodes can support JCNR. The checks test for
            resource capacity, OS version, and other infrastructure requirements. Preflight checks
            run prior to <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>coming up.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Postflight checks</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Postflight checks verify that your <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation is working properly. The checks
            test for status and other basic functions. Postflight checks run after <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>comes
            up.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
    </dl>
    <p><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Readiness is the name of the custom resource where these preflight and postflight checks
      are defined. When you enable <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Readiness checks in <filepath>values.yaml</filepath>
        (<codeph>readinessCheck: true</codeph>), a set of pods that run these tests are created. For
      example:</p>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_hkc_bmy_rcc">kubectl get pods -A | grep preflight</codeblock>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_y5m_bmy_rcc">
cpuavailability-preflight-k8s-cp0-wtt92         0/1     Completed   0          
cpuavailability-preflight-k8s-worker0-p7bxk     0/1     Completed   0          
cpuinstructionset-preflight-k8s-cp0-4zmzq       0/1     Completed   0          
cpuinstructionset-preflight-k8s-worker0-gh9zl   0/1     Completed   0          
crpd-prerequisite-preflight-k8s-cp0-sqnjj       0/1     Completed   0          
crpd-prerequisite-preflight-k8s-worker0-29psj   0/1     Completed   0          
&lt;trimmed&gt;
</codeblock>
    <note id="note_zjw_35r_tcc">
      <p>To see the list of checks that are currently performed, see <xref href="../ref/jcnr-readiness-checks-list.dita"/>.</p>
    </note>
    <p>When <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Readiness checks are enabled, they run automatically when you install the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Helm
      chart. A failed check does not necessarily fail the installation. In some cases, the
      installation is allowed to continue. </p>
    <p>To see the results of the checks, look at the results ConfigMap. For best viewing of the
      results, use the JSON processor jq.</p>
    <note id="note_tth_qzg_scc">
      <p>If jq is not installed on your OS by default, install it using the appropriate package
        manager for your OS. For example:</p>
      <codeblock id="codeblock_uxs_h1h_scc">dnf install jq</codeblock>
      <codeblock id="codeblock_wzh_31h_scc">apt install jq</codeblock>
    </note>
    <p>Here's an example of the preflight results ConfigMap:</p>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_rwy_n4y_rcc">kubectl get cm preflight-results -n contrail-deploy -ojsonpath={".data.readinessStatus"} | jq</codeblock>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_iv3_n4y_rcc">
{
  "preflight": {
    "taskResults": [
      {
        "name": "cpuavailability",
        "taskExecutionTime": "2s",
        "message": "task completed (2/2)",
        "taskPassed": false,
        "failure_reason": "core 2 is not available on the node\ncore 2 is not available on the node\n"
      },
&lt;trimmed&gt;
</codeblock>
    <p>If there are any errors, fix them and then uninstall and reinstall JCNR.</p>
    <p>Here's an example of the postflight results ConfigMap:</p>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_nkn_lsy_rcc">kubectl get cm postflight-results -n contrail-deploy -ojsonpath={".data.readinessStatus"} | jq</codeblock>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_lzh_p3c_scc">{
  "postflight": {
    "taskResults": [
      {
        "name": "jcnrresources",
        "taskExecutionTime": "0s",
        "message": "task completed (1/1)",
        "taskPassed": true
      }
    ],
    "result": "success"
  }
}
</codeblock>
    <p>Although preflight and postflight checks can detect many common errors, some errors can slip
      through undetected. If the installation still fails after you fix all listed errors, look at
      the deployer and applier logs for more information:</p>
    <ul id="ul_fb4_tdr_tcc">
      <li>
        <p>For deployer logs, see <xref href="../topic-map/jcnr-troubleshoot-deployment.dita#task_izg_svj_scc"/>.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>For applier logs, see <xref href="../topic-map/jcnr-troubleshoot-deployment.dita#concept_lmm_hsj_scc"/>.</p>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>Also see the various general troubleshooting suggestions in <xref href="../topic-map/jcnr-troubleshoot-deployment.dita"/>.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>