<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_4be30e5e265c291d--d593239-187dacbbb04--7f4b" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Juniper Technology Preview</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Tech Previews enable you to test functionality and provide feedback during the development
      process of innovations that are not final production features. The goal of a Tech Preview is
      for the feature to gain wider exposure and potential full support in a future release.
      Customers are encouraged to provide feedback and functionality suggestions for a Technology
      Preview feature before it becomes fully supported.</p>
    <p>Tech Previews may not be functionally complete, may have functional alterations in future
      releases, or may get dropped under changing markets or unexpected conditions, at Juniper’s
      sole discretion. Juniper recommends that you use Tech Preview features in non-production
      environments only.</p>
    <p>Juniper considers feedback to add and improve future iterations of the general availability
      of the innovations. Your feedback does not assert any intellectual property claim, and Juniper
      may implement your feedback without violating your or any other party's rights.</p>
    <p>These features are "as is" and voluntary use. Juniper Support will attempt to resolve any
      issues that customers experience when using these features and create bug reports on behalf of
      support cases. However, Juniper may not provide comprehensive support services to Tech Preview
      features. Certain features may have reduced or modified security, accessibility, availability,
      and reliability standards relative to General Availability software. Tech Preview features are
      not eligible for P1/P2 JTAC cases, and should not be subject to existing SLAs or service
      agreements.</p>
    <p>For additional details, please contact <xref href="https://support.juniper.net/support/" format="html" scope="external">Juniper Support</xref> or your local account team.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>