<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_6125e4cfce7ca699--4d0aca3e-187b15105b2--7f74" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Kubernetes Overview</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>

    <section>
      <title>Kubernetes Overview</title>
      <note>
        <p>Juniper Networks refers to primary nodes and backup nodes. Kubernetes refers to master
          nodes and worker nodes. References in this guide to primary and backup correlate with
          master and worker in the Kubernetes world.</p>
      </note>
      <p>Kubernetes is an orchestration platform for running containerized applications in a
        clustered computing environment. It provides automatic deployment, scaling, networking, and
        management of containerized applications. </p>
      <p>A Kubernetes pod consists of one or more containers, with each pod representing an instance
        of the application. A pod is the smallest unit that Kubernetes can manage. All containers in
        the pod share the same network name space.</p>
      <p>We rely on Kubernetess to orchestrate the infrastructure that the cloud-native router needs
        to operate. However, we do not supply Kubernetes installation or management instructions in
        this documentation. See <xref href="https://kubernetes.io" format="html" scope="external"/>
        for Kubernetes documentation. Currently, Juniper Cloud-Native Router requires that the
        Kubernetes cluster be a standalone cluster, meaning that the Kubernetes primary and backup
        functions both run on a single node.</p>
      <p>The major components of a Kubernetes cluster are: </p>
      <ul id="ul_lmn_zzs_zrb">
        <li><b>Nodes</b><p>Kubernetes uses two types of nodes: a primary (control) node and a
            compute (worker) node. A Kubernetes cluster usually consists of one or more master nodes
            (in active/standby mode) and one or more worker nodes. You create a node on a physical
            computer or a virtual machine (VM).</p></li>
        <li><b>Pods</b><p>Pods live in nodes and provide a space for containerized applications to
            run. A Kubernetes pod consists of one or more containers, with each pod representing an
            instance of the application(s). A pod is the smallest unit that Kubernetes can manage.
            All containers in a pod share the same network namespace.</p></li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Namespaces</b></p>
          <p>In Kubernetes, pods operate within a namespace to isolate groups of resources within a
            cluster. All Kubernetes clusters have a <i>kube-system</i> namespace, which is for
            objects created by the Kubernetes system. Kubernetes also has a <i>default</i>
            namespace, which holds all objects that don't provide their own namespace. The last two
            preconfigured Kubernetes namespaces are <i>kube-public</i> and <i>kube-node-lease</i>.
            The <filepath>kube-public</filepath> namespace is used to allow authenticated and
            unauthenticated users to read some aspects of the cluster. Node leases allow the
              <filepath>kubelet</filepath> to send heartbeats so that the control plane can detect
            node failure. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Kubelet</b></p>
          <p>The kubelet is the primary node agent that runs on each node. In the case of Juniper
            Cloud-Native Router, only a single kubelet runs on the cluster since we do not support
            multinode deployments.</p>
        </li>
        <li><b>Containers</b><p>A container is a single package that consists of an entire runtime
            environment including the application and its:</p><ul id="ul_wmf_y1s_55b">
            <li>
              <p>Configuration files</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Dependencies</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Libraries</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>Other binaries</p>
            </li>
          </ul><p>Software that runs in containers can, for the most part, ignore the differences in
            the those binaries, libraries, and configurations that may exist between the container
            environment and the environment that hosts the container. Common container types are
            docker, containerd, and Container Runtime Interface using Open Container Initiative
            compatible runtimes (CRI-O).</p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>