<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>System Requirements for Wind River Deployment</title>
  <abstract>Read this section to understand the system, resource, port, and licensing requirements
    for installing Juniper Cloud-Native Router on a Wind River deployment. We provide requirements
    for both pre-bound and non-pre-bound SR-IOV interfaces.</abstract>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <section id="section_kh4_wdk_gxb">
      <title>Minimum Host System Requirements on a Wind River Deployment</title>
      <p><xref format="dita" href="#xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2/table_jsl_zdk_gxb"/> and <xref href="#xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2/table_rnr_p3y_vgc"/> list the host
        system requirements for installing Cloud-Native Router on a Wind River deployment.</p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_jsl_zdk_gxb" rowsep="1">
        <title>Cloud-Native Router Minimum Host System Requirements on a Wind River
          Deployment</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="2.3*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol6" colnum="2" colwidth="1.09*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol7" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry align="center" valign="bottom">Component</entry>
              <entry>Value/Version</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>CPU</entry>
              <entry>Intel x86 </entry>
              <entry>The tested CPU is Intel(R) Xeon(R) Silver 4314 CPU @ 2.40GHz</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Host OS</entry>
              <entry>Debian GNU/Linux (depends on Wind River Cloud Platform version)</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Kernel Version</entry>
              <entry>5.10.x</entry>
              <entry>5.10.0-6-amd64</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>NIC</entry>
              <entry namest="newCol6" nameend="newCol7">See <xref href="#xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2/table_rnr_p3y_vgc"/>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Wind River Cloud Platform</entry>
              <entry>
                <p>22.12, 24.09</p>
              </entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>IAVF driver</entry>
              <entry>Version 4.5.3.1</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ICE_COMMS</entry>
              <entry>Version 1.3.35.0</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ICE</entry>
              <entry>Version 1.9.11.9</entry>
              <entry>ICE driver is used only with the Intel E810 NIC</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>i40e</entry>
              <entry>Version 2.18.9</entry>
              <entry>i40e driver is used only with the Intel XL710 NIC</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Kubernetes (K8s)</entry>
              <entry>Version 1.24</entry>
              <entry>The tested K8s version is 1.24.4</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Calico</entry>
              <entry>Version 3.24.x</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Multus</entry>
              <entry>Version 3.8</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Helm</entry>
              <entry>3.9.x</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Container-RT</entry>
              <entry>
                <ul id="ul_qgf_hvg_zcc">
                  <li>
                    <p>containerd 1.4.x</p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    <p>crictl 1.21.x</p>
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </entry>
              <entry>Other container runtimes may work but have not been tested with JCNR.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry nameend="newCol7" namest="c1">
                <note id="note_k5k_psg_zcc">
                  <p>The component versions listed in this table are expected to work with JCNR, but
                    not every version or combination is tested in every release.</p>
                </note>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
      <table conref="../ref/jcnr-supported-nics-container.dita#xd_d951126c758aab5b-604623a6-199a5a8e913--7f0a/table_dbx_pxq_vgc" id="table_rnr_p3y_vgc">
        <tgroup cols="1">
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_sz1_d2k_gxb">
      <title>Resource Requirements on a Wind River Deployment</title>
      <p><xref format="dita" href="#xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2/table_owl_sxr_wtb"/> lists the
        resource requirements for installing Cloud-Native Router on a Wind River deployment. </p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_owl_sxr_wtb" rowsep="1">
        <title>Resource Requirements on a Wind River Deployment</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.47*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol4" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol5" colnum="3" colwidth="3.82*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry align="center" valign="bottom">Resource</entry>
              <entry>Value</entry>
              <entry>Usage Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Data plane forwarding cores</entry>
              <entry>1 core (1P + 1S)</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Service/Control Cores</entry>
              <entry>0</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Hugepages (1G)</entry>
              <entry>6 Gi</entry>
              <entry><p>Lock the controller and get the memory processors using below
                command:</p><codeblock>source /etc/platform/openrc
system host-lock controller-0 
system host-memory-list controller-0</codeblock>To set the huge pages, run the
                following command for each controller:
                  <codeblock>system host-memory-modify controller-0 0 -1G 6 
system host-memory-modify controller-0 1 -1G 6</codeblock><lines>View the huge pages with the following command:</lines><codeblock>system host-memory-list controller-0</codeblock><p>Unlock
                  the controller:</p><codeblock>system host-unlock controller-0</codeblock></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Controller cores</entry>
              <entry>.5</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router vRouter Agent cores</entry>
              <entry>.5</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ekg_f2k_gxb">
      <title>Miscellaneous Requirements on a Wind River Deployment</title>
      <p><xref format="dita" href="#xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2/table_op3_bbm_wtb"/> lists the
        additional requirements for installing Cloud-Native Router on a Wind River deployment.</p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_op3_bbm_wtb" rowsep="1">
        <title id="title_ttx_dyg_yxb">Miscellaneous Requirements on a Wind River Deployment</title>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Requirement</entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Example</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Enable the host with SR-IOV and VT-d in the system's BIOS.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Depends on BIOS.</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Isolate CPUs from the kernel scheduler.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_zpp_m31_4bc">source /etc/platform/openrc
system host-lock controller-0
system host-cpu-list controller-0
system host-cpu-modify -f application-isolated -c 4-59 controller-0
system host-unlock controller-0</codeblock>
                <!--<entry>Removed as per PR1792367.
Set IOMMU. For example:
<codeblock>echo Y &gt; /sys/module/vfio_iommu_type1/parameters/allow_unsafe_interrupts
echo Y &gt; /sys/module/vfio/parameters/enable_unsafe_noiommu_mode</codeblock></entry>-->
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Additional kernel modules need to be loaded on the host before deploying
                  Cloud-Native Router in L3 mode. These modules are usually available in
                    <codeph>linux-modules-extra</codeph> or <codeph>kernel-modules-extra</codeph>
                  packages. </p>
                <note>
                  <p>Applicable for L3 deployments only.</p>
                </note>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Create a conf file and add the kernel modules:</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_zz5_s31_4bc">cat /etc/modules-load.d/crpd.conf
tun
fou
fou6
ipip
ip_tunnel
ip6_tunnel
mpls_gso
mpls_router
mpls_iptunnel
vrf
vxlan</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Enable kernel-based forwarding on the Linux host.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_fpb_v31_4bc">ip fou add port 6635 ipproto 137</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Verify the core_pattern value is set on the host before deploying JCNR.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_rx3_cj1_4bc">sysctl kernel.core_pattern
kernel.core_pattern = |/usr/lib/systemd/systemd-coredump %P %u %g %s %t %c %h %e</codeblock>
                <!--Removed as per Vinod Nair since it is not persistent - You may change the value with the following commands:<codeblock>sysctl -w kernel.core_pattern="&lt;path&gt;"</codeblock> For example:<codeblock>sysctl -w kernel.core_pattern="/var/crash/%p.core") </codeblock>-->
                <p>You can update the core_pattern in <codeph>/etc/sysctl.conf</codeph>. For
                  example:</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_sx3_cj1_4bc">kernel.core_pattern=/var/crash/core_%e_%p_%i_%s_%h_%t.gz</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Set adequate send and receive buffer sizes.</entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_oqc_d3t_w2c">sysctl -w net.core.rmem_default=67108864
sysctl -w net.core.rmem_max=67108864
sysctl -w net.core.wmem_default=67108864
sysctl -w net.core.wmem_max=6710886</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_fjj_gk1_4bc">
      <title>Requirements for Pre-Bound SR-IOV Interfaces on a Wind River Deployment</title>
      <p>In a Wind River deployment, you typically bind all your Cloud-Native Router interfaces to
        the vfio DPDK driver before you deploy JCNR. <xref format="dita" href="#xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2/table_eww_dl1_4bc"/> shows an
        example of how you can do this on an SR-IOV-enabled interface on a host.</p>
      <note id="note_ewh_wvh_wbc">
        <p>We support pre-binding interfaces for Cloud-Native Router L2 and L3 mode deployments.</p>
      </note>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_eww_dl1_4bc" rowsep="1">
        <title>Requirements for Pre-Bound SR-IOV Interfaces on a Wind River Deployment</title>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Requirement</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Example</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Pre-bind the Cloud-Native Router interfaces to the vfio DPDK driver.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_j4f_gl1_4bc" scale="70">source /etc/platform/openrc

system host-lock controller-0
system host-label-assign controller-0 <b>sriovdp=enabled</b>   # &lt;-- Label node to accept SR-IOV-enabled
                                                        #     deployments.

system host-label-assign controller-0 kube-cpu-mgr-policy=static
system host-label-assign controller-0 kube-topology-mgr-policy=restricted   # &lt;-- see note below

system datanetwork-add <b>datanet0</b> flat   # &lt;-- Create datanet0 network. You'll define this in a NAD 
                                       #     later.

DTNIF=enp175s0f0
system host-if-modify -m 1500 -n $DTNIF -c pci-sriov <b>-N 8</b> controller-0 $DTNIF --vf-driver=netdevice
                                                      # ^ Enable 8 (for example) VFs on enp175s0f0.

system host-if-add -c pci-sriov controller-0 <b>srif0</b> vf $DTNIF -N 1 --vf-driver=vfio  
                                             # ^ Create srif0 interface that uses one of the VFs 
                                             #   and bind to vfio driver.

IFUUID=$(system host-if-list 1 | awk '{if ($4 == "srif0") {print $2}}')
system interface-datanetwork-assign 1 $IFUUID datanet0  #  &lt;-- Attach srif0 interface to datanet0 network.

system host-unlock 1


</codeblock>
                <note id="note_lms_csj_sbc">
                  <p>On hosts with a single NUMA node or where all NICs are attached to the same
                    NUMA node, set <codeph>kube-topology-mgr-policy=restricted</codeph>. </p>
                  <p>On hosts with multiple NUMA nodes where the NICs are spread across NUMA nodes,
                    set <codeph>kube-topology-mgr-policy=best-effort</codeph>.</p>
                </note>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Create and apply the Network Attachment Definition that attaches the datanet0
                  network defined above.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry><p>Create a yaml file for the Network Attachment Definition. For
                  example:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_vyc_mm1_4bc">apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: srif0net0
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/resourceName: intel.com/pci_sriov_net_<b>datanet0</b>
spec:
  config: '{
      "cniVersion": "0.3.0",
      "type": "sriov",
      "spoofchk": "off",
      "trust": "on"
  }'
</codeblock><p>Apply the yaml to attach the datanet0
                network:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_dpd_vm1_4bc">kubectl apply -f srif0net0.yaml</codeblock>where
                  <filepath>srif0net0.yaml</filepath> is the file that contains the Network
                Attachment Definition above.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Update the Helm chart <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> to use the defined
                  networks. </p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Here's an example of using two networks, datanet0/srif0net0 and
                  datanet1/srif1net1.</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_r45_r51_4bc">jcnr-vrouter:
  guaranteedVrouterCpus: 4
  interfaceBoundType: 1
  
  networkDetails:
  - ddp: "off"
    name: srif0net0
    namespace: default
  - ddp: "off"
    name: srif1net1
    namespace: default

  networkResources:
    limits:
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet0: "1"
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet1: "1"
    requests:
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet0: "1"
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet1: "1"
</codeblock>
                <p>Here's an example of using a bond interface attached to two networks
                  (datanet0/srif0net0 and datanet1/srif1net1) and a regular interface attached to a
                  third network (datanet2/srif2net2).</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_jsz_gv1_4bc">jcnr-vrouter:
  guaranteedVrouterCpus: 4
  interfaceBoundType: 1

  bondInterfaceConfigs:
  - mode: 1
    name: bond0
    slaveNetworkDetails:
    - name: srif0net0
      namespace: default
    - name: srif1net1
      namespace: default
  
  networkDetails:
  - ddp: "off"
    name: bond0
  - ddp: "off"
    name: srif2net2
    namespace: default

  networkResources:
    limits:
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet0: "1"
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet1: "1"
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet2: "1"
    requests:
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet0: "1"
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet1: "1"
      intel.com/pci_sriov_net_datanet2: "1"
</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_b5h_qr5_5bc">
      <title>Requirements for Non-Pre-Bound SR-IOV Interfaces on a Wind River Deployment</title>
      <p>In some situations, you might want to run with non-pre-bound interfaces. <xref format="dita" href="#xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2/table_vkg_tp5_5bc"/>
        shows the requirements for non-pre-bound interfaces.</p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_vkg_tp5_5bc" rowsep="1">
        <title>Requirements for Non-Pre-Bound SR-IOV Interfaces on a Wind River Deployment</title>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Requirement</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Example</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Configure IPv4 and IPv6 addresses for the non-pre-bound interfaces allocated to
                  JCNR.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_rpd_b55_5bc">source /etc/platform/openrc
system host-lock controller-0
system host-if-modify -n ens1f0 -c platform --ipv4-mode static controller-0 ens1f0
system host-addr-add 1 ens1f0 11.11.11.29 24
system host-if-modify -n ens1f0 -c platform --ipv6-mode static controller-0 ens1f0
system host-addr-add 1 ens1f0 abcd::11.11.11.29 112
system host-if-list controller-0
system host-addr-list controller-0
system host-unlock controller-0</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ufy_y2k_gxb">
      <title>Port Requirements</title>
      <p>Juniper Cloud-Native Router listens on certain TCP and UDP ports. This section lists the
        port requirements for the cloud-native router.</p>
      <table>
        <title>Cloud-Native Router Listening Ports</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Protocol</entry>
              <entry>Port</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8085</entry>
              <entry>vRouter introspect–Used to gain internal statistical information about
                vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8070</entry>
              <entry>Telemetry Information- Used to see telemetry data from the Cloud-Native Router
                vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8072</entry>
              <entry>Telemetry Information-Used to see telemetry data from Cloud-Native Router
                control plane</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8075, 8076</entry>
              <entry>Telemetry Information- Used for gNMI requests</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>9091</entry>
              <entry>vRouter health check–cloud-native router checks to ensure the vRouter agent is
                running.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>9092</entry>
              <entry>vRouter health check–cloud-native router checks to ensure the vRouter DPDK is
                running.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>50052</entry>
              <entry>gRPC port–Cloud-Native Router listens on both IPv4 and IPv6</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8081</entry>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Deployer Port</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>24</entry>
              <entry>cRPD SSH</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>830</entry>
              <entry>cRPD NETCONF</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>666</entry>
              <entry><filepath>rpd</filepath></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>1883</entry>
              <entry>Mosquito mqtt–Publish/subscribe messaging utility</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>9500</entry>
              <entry><filepath>agentd</filepath> on cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>21883</entry>
              <entry><filepath>na-mqttd</filepath></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>TCP</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>50053</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Default gNMI port that listens to the client subscription request</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>51051</entry>
              <entry><filepath>jsd</filepath> on cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>UDP</entry>
              <entry>50055</entry>
              <entry>Syslog-NG</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Download Options</title>
      <p>See <xref href="../ref/jcnr-sw-download-packages.dita"/>.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_jm3_ggk_gxb">
      <title>Cloud-Native Router Licensing</title>
      <p>See <xref href="../topic-map/jcnr-licensing.dita"/>.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>