<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7ce5" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>System Requirements for OpenShift Deployment</title>
  <abstract>
    <p>Read this section to understand the system, resource, port, and licensing requirements for
      installing Juniper Cloud-Native Router on the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform (OCP).</p>
  </abstract>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <section id="section_kh4_wdk_gxb">
      <title>Minimum Host System Requirements for OCP</title>
      <p><xref format="dita" href="#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7ce5/table_jsl_zdk_gxb"/> and <xref href="#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7ce5/table_wdl_lyx_vgc"/> list the host
        system requirements for installing Cloud-Native Router on OCP. </p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_jsl_zdk_gxb" rowsep="1">
        <title>Minimum Host System Requirements for OCP</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.53*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol6" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol7" colnum="3" colwidth="1.42*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry align="center" valign="bottom">Component</entry>
              <entry>Value/Version</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>CPU</entry>
              <entry>Intel x86 </entry>
              <entry>The tested CPU is Intel(R) Xeon(R) Silver 4314 CPU @ 2.40GHz 64 core</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Host OS</entry>
              <entry>RHCOS 4.18, 4.19</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Kernel Version</entry>
              <entry>RedHat Enterprise Linux (RHEL): 9.4, 9.6</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>NIC</entry>
              <entry namest="newCol6" nameend="newCol7">See <xref href="#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7ce5/table_wdl_lyx_vgc"/>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>IAVF driver</entry>
              <entry>Version 4.5.3.1</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ICE_COMMS</entry>
              <entry>Version 1.3.35.0</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ICE</entry>
              <entry>Version 1.9.11.9</entry>
              <entry>ICE driver is used only with the Intel E810 NIC</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>i40e</entry>
              <entry>Version 2.18.9</entry>
              <entry>i40e driver is used only with the Intel XL710 NIC</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>OCP Version</entry>
              <entry>4.18, 4.19</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>OVN-Kubernetes CNI</entry>
              <entry/>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Multus</entry>
              <entry>Version 3.8</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Helm</entry>
              <entry>3.12.x</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Container-RT</entry>
              <entry>crio 1.25x</entry>
              <entry>Other container runtimes may work but have not been tested with JCNR.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry nameend="newCol7" namest="c1">
                <note id="note_k2g_l5f_zcc">
                  <p>The component versions listed in this table are expected to work with JCNR, but
                    not every version or combination is tested in every release.</p>
                </note>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
      <table conref="../ref/jcnr-supported-nics-container.dita#xd_d951126c758aab5b-604623a6-199a5a8e913--7f0a/table_tp5_tvx_vgc" id="table_wdl_lyx_vgc">
        <tgroup cols="1">
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_sz1_d2k_gxb">
      <title>Resource Requirements for OCP</title>
      <p><xref format="dita" href="#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7ce5/table_owl_sxr_wtb"/> lists the
        resource requirements for installing Cloud-Native Router on OCP. </p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_owl_sxr_wtb" rowsep="1">
        <title>Resource Requirements for OCP</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.14*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol4" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="newCol5" colnum="3" colwidth="3.25*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry align="center" valign="bottom">Resource</entry>
              <entry>Value</entry>
              <entry>Usage Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Data plane forwarding cores</entry>
              <entry>1 core (1P + 1S)</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Service/Control Cores</entry>
              <entry>0</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>UIO Driver</entry>
              <entry>VFIO-PCI</entry>
              <entry>To enable, follow the steps below:<p>Create a Butane config file,
                    <codeph>100-worker-vfiopci.bu</codeph>, binding the PCI device to the VFIO
                  driver.</p><codeblock>variant: openshift
version: 4.8.0
metadata:
  name: 100-worker-vfiopci
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker 
storage:
  files:
  - path: /etc/modprobe.d/vfio.conf
    mode: 0644
    overwrite: true
    contents:
      inline: |
        options vfio-pci ids=10de:1eb8 
  - path: /etc/modules-load.d/vfio-pci.conf 
    mode: 0644
    overwrite: true
    contents:
      inline: vfio-pci</codeblock><p>Create
                  and apply the machine
                config:</p><codeblock>$ butane 100-worker-vfiopci.bu -o 100-worker-vfiopci.yaml</codeblock><codeblock>$ oc apply -f 100-worker-vfiopci.yaml</codeblock></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Hugepages (1G)</entry>
              <entry>6 Gi</entry>
              <entry> Configure huge pages on the worker nodes using the following
                commands:<codeblock>oc create -f hugepages-tuned-boottime.yaml </codeblock><codeblock># cat hugepages-tuned-boottime.yaml  
apiVersion: tuned.openshift.io/v1 
kind: Tuned 
metadata: 
  name: hugepages  
  namespace: openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator 
spec: 
  profile:  
  - data: | 
      [main] 
      summary=Boot time configuration for hugepages 
      include=openshift-node 
      [bootloader] 
      cmdline_openshift_node_hugepages=hugepagesz=1G hugepages=6 
    name: openshift-node-hugepages 
  recommend: 
  - machineConfigLabels:  
      machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: "worker-hp" 
    priority: 30 
    profile: openshift-node-hugepages </codeblock><codeblock>oc create -f hugepages-mcp.yaml  </codeblock><codeblock># cat hugepages-mcp.yaml  
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1 
kind: MachineConfigPool 
metadata: 
  name: worker-hp 
  labels: 
    worker-hp: "" 
spec: 
  machineConfigSelector: 
    matchExpressions: 
      - {key: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role, operator: In, values: [worker,worker-hp]} 
  nodeSelector: 
    matchLabels: 
      node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-hp: "" </codeblock></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Controller cores</entry>
              <entry>.5</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router vRouter Agent cores</entry>
              <entry>.5</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ekg_f2k_gxb">
      <title>Miscellaneous Requirements for OCP</title>
      <p><xref format="dita" href="#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7ce5/table_op3_bbm_wtb"/> lists
        additional requirements for installing Cloud-Native Router on OCP. </p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_op3_bbm_wtb" rowsep="1">
        <title id="title_ttx_dyg_yxb">Miscellaneous Requirements for OCP</title>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="newCol1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p/>
              </entry>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Release Miscellaneous Requirements</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Enable the host with SR-IOV and VT-d in the system's BIOS.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Depends on BIOS.</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Enable VLAN driver at system boot.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Configure <filepath>/etc/modules-load.d/vlan.conf</filepath> as follows:</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_ohl_sqx_vbc">cat /etc/modules-load.d/vlan.conf
8021q</codeblock>
                <p>Reboot and verify by executing the command:</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_phl_sqx_vbc">lsmod | grep 8021q</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Enable VFIO-PCI driver at system boot.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Configure <filepath>/etc/modules-load.d/vfio.conf</filepath> as follows:</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_jrv_nbw_vbc">cat /etc/modules-load.d/vfio.conf
vfio
vfio-pci</codeblock>
                <p>Reboot and verify by executing the command:</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_krv_nbw_vbc">lsmod | grep vfio</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Set IOMMU and IOMMU-PT.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>Create a MachineConfig object that sets IOMMU and
                IOMMU-PT:<codeblock>apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfig
metadata:
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker 
  name: 100-worker-iommu 
spec:
  config:
    ignition:
      version: 3.2.0
  kernelArguments:
      - intel_iommu=on iommmu=pt</codeblock><codeblock>$ oc create -f 100-worker-kernel-arg-iommu.yaml</codeblock></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Disable spoofcheck on VFs allocated to JCNR.</p>
                <note id="note_o1k_scw_vbc">
                  <p>Applicable for L2 deployments only.</p>
                </note>
              </entry>
              <entry><codeph>ip link set &lt;interfacename&gt; vf 1 spoofcheck off</codeph>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Set trust on VFs allocated to JCNR.</p>
                <note id="note_avs_scw_vbc">
                  <p>Applicable for L2 deployments only.</p>
                </note>
              </entry>
              <entry><codeph>ip link set &lt;interfacename&gt; vf 1 trust on</codeph></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Additional kernel modules need to be loaded on the host before deploying
                  Cloud-Native Router in L3 mode. These modules are usually available in
                    <codeph>linux-modules-extra</codeph> or <codeph>kernel-modules-extra</codeph>
                  packages. </p>
                <note id="note_ff4_ncw_vbc">
                  <p>Applicable for L3 deployments only.</p>
                </note>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Create a conf file and add the kernel modules:</p>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_gf4_ncw_vbc">cat /etc/modules-load.d/crpd.conf
tun
fou
fou6
ipip
ip_tunnel
ip6_tunnel
mpls_gso
mpls_router
mpls_iptunnel
vrf
vxlan</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Enable kernel-based forwarding on the Linux host.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_ypl_xcw_vbc">ip fou add port 6635 ipproto 137</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Exclude Cloud-Native Router interfaces from NetworkManager control.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>NetworkManager is a tool in some operating systems to make the management of
                  network interfaces easier. NetworkManager may make the operation and configuration
                  of the default interfaces easier. However, it can interfere with Kubernetes
                  management and create problems.</p>
                <p>To avoid NetworkManager from interfering with Cloud-Native Router interface
                  configuration, exclude Cloud-Native Router interfaces from NetworkManager control.
                  Here's an example on how to do this in some Linux distributions:</p>
                <ol id="ol_fl4_24r_xxb">
                  <li> Create the <filepath>/etc/NetworkManager/conf.d/crpd.conf</filepath> file and
                    list the interfaces that you don't want NetworkManager to manage. <p>For
                      example:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_u4r_fkk_xbc">[keyfile]
 unmanaged-devices+=interface-name:enp*;interface-name:ens*</codeblock>where
                      <codeph>enp*</codeph> and <codeph>ens*</codeph> refer to your Cloud-Native
                    Router interfaces.<note id="note_pdd_gkk_xbc">
                      <codeph>enp*</codeph> indicates all interfaces starting with
                        <codeph>enp</codeph>. For specific interface names, provided a
                      comma-separated list. </note></li>
                  <li> Restart the NetworkManager
                    service:<codeblock id="codeblock_v51_clk_xbc">sudo systemctl restart NetworkManager</codeblock>
                    . </li>
                  <li> Edit the <filepath>/etc/sysctl.conf</filepath> file on the host and paste the
                    following content in it: <codeblock>net.ipv6.conf.default.addr_gen_mode=0
net.ipv6.conf.all.addr_gen_mode=0
net.ipv6.conf.default.autoconf=0
net.ipv6.conf.all.autoconf=0</codeblock></li>
                  <li> Run the command <codeph>sysctl -p /etc/sysctl.conf</codeph> to load the new
                      <filepath>sysctl.conf</filepath> values on the host. </li>
                  <li>
                    <p>Create the bond interface manually. For example:</p>
                    <codeblock>ifconfig ens2f0 down
ifconfig ens2f1 down
ip link add bond0 type bond mode 802.3ad
ip link set ens2f0 master bond0
ip link set ens2f1 master bond0
ifconfig ens2f0 up ; ifconfig ens2f1 up; ifconfig bond0 up</codeblock>
                  </li>
                </ol>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Verify the core_pattern value is set on the host before deploying JCNR.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock>sysctl kernel.core_pattern
kernel.core_pattern = |/usr/lib/systemd/systemd-coredump %P %u %g %s %t %c %h %e</codeblock>
                <!--Removed as per Vinod Nair since it is not persistent - You may change the value with the following commands:<codeblock>sysctl -w kernel.core_pattern="&lt;path&gt;"</codeblock> For example:<codeblock>sysctl -w kernel.core_pattern="/var/crash/%p.core") </codeblock>-->
                <p>You can update the core_pattern in <codeph>/etc/sysctl.conf</codeph>. For
                  example:</p>
                <codeblock>kernel.core_pattern=/var/crash/core_%e_%p_%i_%s_%h_%t.gz</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Set adequate send and receive buffer sizes.</entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock id="codeblock_oqc_d3t_w2c">sysctl -w net.core.rmem_default=67108864
sysctl -w net.core.rmem_max=67108864
sysctl -w net.core.wmem_default=67108864
sysctl -w net.core.wmem_max=6710886</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ufy_y2k_gxb">
      <title>Port Requirements</title>
      <p>Juniper Cloud-Native Router listens on certain TCP and UDP ports. This section lists the
        port requirements for the cloud-native router.</p>
      <table>
        <title>Cloud-Native Router Listening Ports</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Protocol</entry>
              <entry>Port</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8085</entry>
              <entry>vRouter introspect–Used to gain internal statistical information about
                vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8070</entry>
              <entry>Telemetry Information- Used to see telemetry data from the Cloud-Native Router
                vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8072</entry>
              <entry>Telemetry Information-Used to see telemetry data from Cloud-Native Router
                control plane</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8075, 8076</entry>
              <entry>Telemetry Information- Used for gNMI requests</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>9091</entry>
              <entry>vRouter health check–cloud-native router checks to ensure the vRouter agent is
                running.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>9092</entry>
              <entry>vRouter health check–cloud-native router checks to ensure the vRouter DPDK is
                running.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>50052</entry>
              <entry>gRPC port–Cloud-Native Router listens on both IPv4 and IPv6</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>8081</entry>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Deployer Port</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>24</entry>
              <entry>cRPD SSH</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>830</entry>
              <entry>cRPD NETCONF</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>666</entry>
              <entry><filepath>rpd</filepath></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>1883</entry>
              <entry>Mosquito mqtt–Publish/subscribe messaging utility</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>9500</entry>
              <entry><filepath>agentd</filepath> on cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>21883</entry>
              <entry><filepath>na-mqttd</filepath></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>TCP</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>50053</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Default gNMI port that listens to the client subscription request</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>TCP</entry>
              <entry>51051</entry>
              <entry><filepath>jsd</filepath> on cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>UDP</entry>
              <entry>50055</entry>
              <entry>Syslog-NG</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="section_dsz_kjc_v1c">
      <title>Interface Naming for Mellanox NICs</title>
      <p>When deploying Mellanox NICs in an OpenShift cluster, a conflict can arise between how OCP
        and Cloud-Native Router use interface names on those NICs. This might prevent your cluster
        from coming up.</p>
      <p>Prior to installing JCNR, either disable predictable interface naming (<xref format="dita" href="#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7ce5/subsection_eww_ckc_v1c"/>) or rename
        the Cloud-Native Router interfaces (<xref format="dita" href="#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7ce5/subsection_tqj_qmc_v1c"/>). The
        Cloud-Native Router interfaces are the interfaces that you want Cloud-Native Router to
        control.</p>
      <subsection id="subsection_eww_ckc_v1c">
        <title>Option 1: Disable predictable interface naming</title>
        <ol id="ol_zlc_gkc_v1c">
          <li><p>Before you start, ensure you have console access to the node.</p></li>
          <li><p>Edit <filepath>/etc/default/grub</filepath> and append
                <codeph>net.ifnames=0</codeph> to
            <codeph>GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT</codeph>.</p><codeblock id="codeblock_ott_wkc_v1c">GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="<varname>&lt;existing_parameter_settings&gt;</varname> net.ifnames=0"</codeblock></li>
          <li><p>Update
            grub.</p><codeblock id="codeblock_s1n_clc_v1c">grub2-mkconfig -o /boot/grub2/grub.cfg</codeblock></li>
          <li><p>Reboot the node.</p></li>
          <li><p>Log back into the node. You might have to do this through the console if the
              network interfaces don't come back up.</p></li>
          <li><p>List the interfaces and take note of the names of the non-Cloud-Native Router and
              Cloud-Native Router
            interfaces.</p><codeblock id="codeblock_xth_rlc_v1c">ip address</codeblock></li>
          <li><p>For all the non-Cloud-Native Router interfaces, update NetworkManager (or your
              network renderer) with the new interface names and restart NetworkManager.</p></li>
          <li><p>Repeat on all the nodes where you’re installing the Cloud-Native Router
              vRouter.</p></li>
        </ol>
        <note id="note_jzn_nmc_v1c">
          <p>Remember to update the fabric interfaces in your Cloud-Native Router installation helm
            chart with the new names of the Cloud-Native Router interfaces (or use subnets).</p>
        </note>
      </subsection>
      <subsection id="subsection_tqj_qmc_v1c">
        <title>Option 2: Rename the Cloud-Native Router interfaces</title>
        <ol id="ol_smp_smc_v1c">
          <li><p>Create a <filepath>/etc/udev/rules.d/00-persistent-net.rules</filepath> file to
              contain the rules.</p></li>
          <li><p>Add the following line to the
              file:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_snt_wmc_v1c">SUBSYSTEM=="net", ACTION=="add", DRIVERS=="?*", ATTR{address}=="<varname>&lt;mac_address&gt;</varname>", ATTR{dev_id}=="0x0", ATTR{type}=="1", NAME="<varname>&lt;new_ifname&gt;</varname>"</codeblock><p>where
                <varname>&lt;mac_address&gt;</varname> is the MAC address of the interface you’re
              renaming and <varname>&lt;new_ifname&gt;</varname> is the new name you want to assign to
              the interface (for example, <codeph>jcnr-eth1</codeph>).</p></li>
          <li><p>Add a corresponding line for each interface you’re renaming. (You’re renaming all
              the interfaces that Cloud-Native Router controls.)</p></li>
          <li><p>Reboot the node.</p></li>
          <li><p>Repeat on all the nodes where you’re installing the Cloud-Native Router vRouter.
            </p></li>
        </ol>
        <note id="note_ogl_fnc_v1c">
          <p>Remember to update the fabric interfaces in your Cloud-Native Router installation helm
            chart with the new names of the Cloud-Native Router interfaces (or use subnets).</p>
        </note>
      </subsection>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Download Options</title>
      <p>See <xref href="../ref/jcnr-sw-download-packages.dita"/>.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_jm3_ggk_gxb">
      <title>Cloud-Native Router Licensing</title>
      <p>See <xref href="../topic-map/jcnr-licensing.dita"/>.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>