<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7866" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Resolved Issues</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section provides information about issues that we resolved between release 23.1 and
      23.2.</p>
    <section id="section_jjb_c2h_xvb">
      <title>Resolved Issues in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.2</title>
      <ul id="ul_fyw_rpg_yxb">
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3541: core-facing on access interface is not removing the interface from no
              local switching</b>—Previously, when an access interface with the
              <codeph>no-local-switching</codeph> key enabled was configured to
              <codeph>core-facing</codeph>, then the no-local-switching functionality continued to
            be enabled on the access interface. This issue is resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3595: vf_isolated remains true for access interface even after deleting
              no-local-switching from BD after vRouter restart</b>—Previously, in a workload access
            interface with <codeph>no-local-switching</codeph> enabled for the bridge domain, after
            the vRouter was restarted and <codeph>no-local-swithing</codeph> functionality was
            removed from cRPD, the access interface would continue to have the
              <codeph>no-local-switching</codeph> key enabled. This issue is resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3600: Redundant syslog ng container on helm upgrade</b>—Previously, after a
            helm upgrade, the newly created <codeph>syslogng</codeph> pod continued to be in pending
            state. This issue is resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3652: Agent pod missing "ss" causing the below Error in agent
            logs</b>—Previously, the following error was visible in the
              <codeph>contrail-vrouter-agent.log</codeph> file. This issue is resolved.</p>
          <codeblock>[ERROR] [Category=Common, Task=http::RequestHandlerTask] No command output for  ss -px | grep pid=166 | grep ESTAB | grep dpdk_netlink</codeblock>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>