<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_048028fc5d39450a-2e4925b9-18a45bf518c--7ee3" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Install and Verify Juniper Cloud-Native Router on Amazon EKS</title>
    <abstract>
        <p>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router uses the the JCNR-Controller (cRPD) to provide control
            plane capabilities and JCNR-CNI to provide a container network interface. Juniper
            Cloud-Native Router uses the DPDK-enabled vRouter to provide high-performance data plane
            capabilities and Syslog-NG to provide notification functions. This section explains how
            you can install these components of the Cloud-Native Router.</p>
    </abstract>
    <prolog>
        <author>tkaur</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <tmbody/>
    <task conref="install-jcnr-eks-support-package.dita#task_rdw_nj5_mpb" id="id_sc4_3wg_qyb">
        <title/>
    </task>
    <task conref="install-jcnr-eks-marketplace-package.dita#task_rdw_nj5_mpb" id="id_edg_h5g_qyb">
        <title/>
    </task>
    <task audience="internal" id="task_djt_xjc_t1c">
        <title>Install Juniper Cloud-Native Router Using AWS Marketplace Subscription (PAYG)</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_ejt_xjc_t1c">
                <p>Use this procedure to install Cloud-Native Router with an AWS Marketplace
                    pay-as-you-go (PAYG) licensing subscription using Helm charts. </p>
                <p>The JCNR (PAYG) products support usage-based licensing, giving you the option of
                    being billed based on the amount of throughput you use. Billing is based on the
                    total throughput across all interfaces. Incoming and outgoing bit counts over a
                    one-hour period are summed together and compared with the total number of bits
                    allowed per hour based on the license. Throughput in excess of the allowed
                    amount might incur additional charges.</p>
                <p>This procedure installs Cloud-Native Router on your existing Amazon EKS cluster.
                    Ensure you've set up your Amazon EKS cluster prior to running this procedure.
                    You can use any method to create an EKS cluster as long as it meets the system
                    requirements described in <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-eks.dita">System
                        Requirements for EKS Deployment</xref>. </p>
                <p>For convenience, we've provided a CloudFormation template that you can use to
                    quickly get a cluster up and running. This template is provided in <xref href="../example/jcnr-aws-eks-cloud-formation-template.dita"/>.</p>
            </context>
            <steps id="steps_fjt_xjc_t1c">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Review the <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-eks.dita">System Requirements for EKS Deployment</xref> to ensure the setup has
                        all the required configuration.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Log in to and search for Cloud-Native Router products from the <xref format="html" href="https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/search/results?searchTerms=jcnr" scope="external">AWS Marketplace</xref>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the desired Cloud-Native Router throughput-based licensing product
                        and subscribe to it.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Scroll down on the selected product's landing page to view the usage
                        instructions.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>The instructions show you how to log in to the ECR Helm registry and
                            download the Cloud-Native Router helm chart.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Copy and run the provided usage instructions on the setup where you issue
                        your AWS CLI commands.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_ift_p43_t1c">aws configure
aws ecr get-login-password <varname>&lt;...&gt;</varname>
helm pull oci: <varname>&lt;...&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>This downloads the
                            <filepath>jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>.tgz</filepath> file
                        onto your setup.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Expand the <filepath>jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>.tgz</filepath>
                        file.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_jjt_xjc_t1c">tar xzvf jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>.tgz</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Change directory to <codeph>jcnr</codeph>.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_kjt_xjc_t1c">cd jcnr</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <note id="note_ljt_xjc_t1c">
                            <p>All remaining steps in the installation assume that your current
                                working directory is now <filepath>jcnr</filepath>.</p>
                        </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>View the contents in the current directory.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_mjt_xjc_t1c">ls
Chart.yaml  charts  cRPD_examples  scripts  secrets  values.yaml</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="step_vtx_pzw_kxb">
                    <cmd>Enter the root password for your host server into the
                            <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath> file at the following
                        line:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_brf_cts_51c">  root-password: &lt;add your password in base64 format&gt;</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>You must enter the password in base64-encoded format. Encode your password
                        as follows:
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_eqx_kyz_51c">echo -n "<varname>password</varname>" | base64 -w0</codeblock>Copy
                        the output of this command into
                            <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Apply <codeph>jcnr-secrets.yaml</codeph> to the cluster.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_sjt_xjc_t1c">kubectl apply -f secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml 
namespace/jcnr created 
secret/jcnr-secrets created</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Create the <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-eks.dita#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7d13/section_b5d_xzg_vyb">JCNR ConfigMap</xref> if using the Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol
                        (VRRP) for your Cloud-Native Router cluster. Apply the
                            <codeph>jcnr-aws-config.yaml</codeph> to the Kubernetes system.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_tjt_xjc_t1c">kubectl apply -f jcnr-aws-config.yaml
configmap/jcnr-aws-config created</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Create an identity provider.</cmd>
                    <substeps id="substeps_w2y_qqb_v1c">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Fetch the OpenID Connect provider URL from the the EKS
                                cluster.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Create an identity provider and IAM:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <ol id="ol_bwc_5qb_v1c">
                                    <li><p>Add an identity provider with the OpenID Connect
                                            option.</p></li>
                                    <li><p>Update the provider URL with the OpenID Connect
                                            provider.</p></li>
                                    <li><p>Set audience to
                                        <codeph>sts.amazonaws.com</codeph>.</p></li>
                                </ol>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Run the provided <filepath>scripts/aws-config.sh</filepath> script.</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock id="codeblock_kcm_rrb_v1c">cd scripts; chmod +x aws-config.sh</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_mnl_5rb_v1c">./aws-config.sh <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Region&gt;</varname> <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Name&gt;</varname></codeblock>where
                            <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Region&gt;</varname> is the AWS region of your
                        cluster and <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Name&gt;</varname> is the name that you
                        called your cluster.</info>
                    <info>The script creates an IAM role for using the AWS Marketplace metering
                        service and automatically sets <codeph>iamrole</codeph> properly in
                            <filepath>values.yaml</filepath>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If desired, configure how cores are assigned to the vRouter DPDK
                        containers. See <xref href="jcnr-configure-vrouter-performance.dita"/>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Customize the helm chart for your deployment using the
                            <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>See, <xref href="../concept/deployment-config-files-eks.dita">Customize JCNR Helm Chart for EKS Deployment</xref> for
                            descriptions of the helm chart configurations and a sample helm chart
                            for EKS deployment.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Optionally, customize Cloud-Native Router configuration.</cmd>
                    <info>See, <xref href="../concept/crpd-customization-node-configlet.dita"/>
                        for creating and applying the cRPD customizations.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the Amazon EBS CSI driver role policy has been attached to the
                        EKS cluster node role.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_uq4_hhb_v1c">aws iam list-attached-role-policies --role-name <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_Role_Name&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                        <p>Look for
                                <codeph>arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AmazonEBSCSIDriverPolicy</codeph>
                            in the output. If this policy is not listed, add it as follows:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_zhh_nhb_v1c">aws iam attach-role-policy --role-name <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_Role_Name&gt;</varname> --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AmazonEBSCSIDriverPolicy</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the Amazon VPC CNI role policy has been attached to the EKS
                        cluster node role.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_gqz_g3b_v1c">aws iam list-attached-role-policies --role-name <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_Role-Name&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                        <p>Look for <codeph>arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonEKS_CNI_Policy</codeph> in
                            the output. If this policy is not listed, add it as follows:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_gqf_k3b_v1c">aws iam attach-role-policy --role-name <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_Role_Name&gt;</varname> --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonEKS_CNI_Policy</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the Amazon EBS CSI driver and Amazon VPC CNI add-ons are
                        installed.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_utc_x3b_v1c">aws eks describe-addon-versions --addon-name aws-ebs-csi-driver</codeblock>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_e55_fjb_v1c">aws eks describe-addon-versions --addon-name vpc-cni</codeblock>
                        <p>If any of the add-ons is not installed, you can install them respectively
                            as follows:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_n1v_njb_v1c">aws eks create-addon --cluster-name my-cluster --addon-name aws-ebs-csi-driver --addon-version <varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname> --service-account-role-arn <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_IAM_role_ARN&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_lcj_4jb_v1c">aws eks create-addon --cluster-name my-cluster --addon-name vpc-cni --addon-version <varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname> --service-account-role-arn <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_IAM_role_ARN&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>Be sure to install the versions listed in <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-eks.dita#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7d13/section_kh4_wdk_gxb"/>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Label the nodes where you want Cloud-Native Router to be installed based on
                        the <codeph>nodeaffinity</codeph> configuration (if defined in the
                            <codeph>values.yaml</codeph>). For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_t5g_4hn_sbc">kubectl label nodes ip-10.0.100.17.us-east-2.compute.internal key1=jcnr --overwrite</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Deploy the Juniper Cloud-Native Router using the helm chart.</cmd>
                    <info>Run the following
                        command:<codeblock id="codeblock_vjt_xjc_t1c">helm install jcnr .</codeblock></info>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_xjt_xjc_t1c">NAME: jcnr
LAST DEPLOYED: <varname>&lt;date_time&gt;</varname>
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Confirm Juniper Cloud-Native Router deployment.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_yjt_xjc_t1c">helm ls</codeblock>
                        <p>Sample output:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_dyc_xvb_v1c" scale="80">
NAME    NAMESPACE    REVISION   UPDATED       STATUS      CHART            APP VERSION
jcnr    default      1          <varname>&lt;date_time&gt;</varname>   deployed    jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>   <varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_xlz_fkg_qyb">
        <title>Verify Cloud-Native Router Installation on Amazon EKS</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_gwg_wqy_tbc">
                <note id="note_icd_xqy_tbc">
                    <p>The output shown in this example procedure is affected by the number of nodes
                        in the cluster. The output you see in your setup may differ in that
                        regard.</p>
                </note>
            </context>
            <steps id="steps_xp1_35g_qyb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the state of the Cloud-Native Router pods by issuing the
                            <codeph>kubectl get pods -A</codeph> command. The output of the
                            <codeph>kubectl</codeph> command shows all of the pods in the Kubernetes
                        cluster in all namespaces. Successful deployment means that all pods are in
                        the running state. In this example we have marked the Juniper Cloud-Native
                        Router Pods in <b>bold</b>. For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get pods -A</codeblock>
                        <codeblock scale="70">
NAMESPACE         NAME                                               READY   STATUS    RESTARTS         AGE
contrail-deploy   contrail-k8s-deployer-5b6c9656d5-nw9t9             1/1     Running   0               13d   
contrail          jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-b2jxp             2/2     Running   0               13d   
contrail          jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-vrdpdk-g7wrk      1/1     Running   0               13d
jcnr              jcnr-0-crpd-0                                      1/1     Running   0               13d   
jcnr              syslog-ng-tct27                                    1/1     Running   0               13d   
kube-system       aws-node-k8hxl                                     1/1     Running   1 (15d ago)     15d   
kube-system       ebs-csi-node-c8rbh                                 3/3     Running   3 (15d ago)     15d   
kube-system       kube-multus-ds-8nzhs                               1/1     Running   1 (13d ago)     13d   
kube-system       kube-proxy-h669c                                   1/1     Running   1 (15d ago)     15d   </codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the Cloud-Native Router daemonsets by issuing the <codeph>kubectl
                            get ds -A</codeph> command. Use the <codeph>kubectl get ds -A</codeph>
                        command to get a list of daemonsets. The Cloud-Native Router daemonsets are
                        highlighted in <b>bold</b> text.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get ds -A</codeblock>
                        <codeblock scale="70">
NAMESPACE     NAME                                        DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR              AGE
contrail      jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes            1         1         1       1            1           &lt;none&gt;                     13d
contrail      jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-vrdpdk     1         1         1       1            1           &lt;none&gt;                     13d
jcnr          syslog-ng                                   1         1         1       1            1           &lt;none&gt;                     13d
kube-system   aws-node                                    8         8         8       8            8           &lt;none&gt;                     15d
kube-system   ebs-csi-node                                8         8         8       8            8           kubernetes.io/os=linux     15d
kube-system   ebs-csi-node-windows                        0         0         0       0            0           kubernetes.io/os=windows   15d
kube-system   kube-multus-ds                              8         8         8       8            8           &lt;none&gt;                     13d
kube-system   kube-proxy                                  8         8         8       8            8           &lt;none&gt;                     15d</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the Cloud-Native Router statefulsets by issuing the <codeph>kubectl
                            get statefulsets -A</codeph> command. The command output provides the
                        statefulsets.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get statefulsets -A</codeblock>
                        <codeblock>
NAMESPACE   NAME          READY   AGE
jcnr        jcnr-0-crpd   1/1     27m</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify if the cRPD is licensed and has the appropriate
                        configurations.</cmd>
                    <substeps id="substeps_b1t_wkg_qyb">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>View the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-crpd-cli">Access the cRPD CLI</xref> section for instructions to access
                                the cRPD CLI. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Once you have access the cRPD CLI, issue the <codeph>show system
                                    license</codeph> command in the cli mode to view the system
                                licenses. For example:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>root@jcnr-01:/# cli
root@jcnr-01&gt; show system license
License usage:
                                 Licenses     Licenses    Licenses    Expiry
  Feature name                       used    installed      needed
  containerized-rpd-standard            1        1           0    2024-09-20 16:59:00 PDT
 
Licenses installed:
  License identifier: 85e5229f-0c64-0000-c10e4-a98c09ab34a1
  License SKU: S-CRPD-10-A1-PF-5
  License version: 1
  Order Type: commercial
  Software Serial Number: 1000098711000-iHpgf
  Customer ID: Juniper Networks Inc.
  License count: 15000
  Features:
    containerized-rpd-standard - Containerized routing protocol daemon with standard features
      date-based, 2022-08-21 17:00:00 PDT - 2027-09-20 16:59:00 PDT</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Issue the <codeph>show configuration | display set</codeph> command
                                in the cli mode to view the cRPD default and custom configuration.
                                The output will be based on the custom configuration and the
                                Cloud-Native Router deployment mode.</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>root@jcnr-01# cli          
root@jcnr-01&gt; show configuration | display set </codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the <codeph>exit</codeph> command to exit from the pod
                                shell.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the vRouter interfaces configuration.</cmd>
                    <substeps id="substeps_yp1_35g_qyb">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>View the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-vrouter-cli">Access
                                    the vRouter CLI</xref> section for instructions on how to access
                                the vRouter CLI. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Once you have accessed the vRouter CLI, issue the <codeph>vif
                                    --list</codeph> command to view the vRouter interfaces . The
                                output will depend upon the Cloud-Native Router deployment mode and
                                configuration. An example for L3 mode deployment, with one fabric
                                interface configured, is provided below:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>$ vif --list 

Vrouter Interface Table

Flags: P=Policy, X=Cross Connect, S=Service Chain, Mr=Receive Mirror
       Mt=Transmit Mirror, Tc=Transmit Checksum Offload, L3=Layer 3, L2=Layer 2
       D=DHCP, Vp=Vhost Physical, Pr=Promiscuous, Vnt=Native Vlan Tagged
       Mnp=No MAC Proxy, Dpdk=DPDK PMD Interface, Rfl=Receive Filtering Offload, Mon=Interface is Monitored
       Uuf=Unknown Unicast Flood, Vof=VLAN insert/strip offload, Df=Drop New Flows, L=MAC Learning Enabled
       Proxy=MAC Requests Proxied Always, Er=Etree Root, Mn=Mirror without Vlan Tag, HbsL=HBS Left Intf
       HbsR=HBS Right Intf, Ig=Igmp Trap Enabled, Ml=MAC-IP Learning Enabled, Me=Multicast Enabled

vif0/0      Socket: unix MTU: 1514
            Type:Agent HWaddr:00:00:5e:00:01:00
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/1      PCI: 0000:00:07.0 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1) NH: 6 MTU: 9000
            Type:Physical HWaddr:0e:d0:2a:58:46:4f IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:0 Flags:L3L2 QOS:0 Ref:8
            RX device packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            RX port   packets:20476 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:00:07.0  Status: UP  Driver: net_ena
            RX packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            TX packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX port   packets:2 errors:0
            TX device packets:8  bytes:740 errors:0

vif0/2      PCI: 0000:00:08.0 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1) NH: 7 MTU: 9000
            Type:Physical HWaddr:0e:6a:9e:04:da:6f IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:0 Flags:L3L2 QOS:0 Ref:8
            RX device packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            RX port   packets:20476 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:00:08.0  Status: UP  Driver: net_ena
            RX packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            TX packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX port   packets:2 errors:0
            TX device packets:8  bytes:740 errors:0

vif0/3      PMD: eth2 NH: 10 MTU: 9000
            Type:Host HWaddr:0e:d0:2a:58:46:4f IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:65535 Flags:L3L2DProxyEr QOS:-1 Ref:11 TxXVif:1 
            RX device packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            RX queue  packets:2 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            TX packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX queue  packets:20476 errors:0
            TX device packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0

vif0/4      PMD: eth3 NH: 15 MTU: 9000
            Type:Host HWaddr:0e:6a:9e:04:da:6f IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:65535 Flags:L3L2DProxyEr QOS:-1 Ref:11 TxXVif:2 
            RX device packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            RX queue  packets:2 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            TX packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX queue  packets:20476 errors:0
            TX device packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type <codeph>exit</codeph> to exit from the pod shell.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</topic-map>