<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_048028fc5d39450a-2e4925b9-18a45bf518c--7f00" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Install Juniper Cloud-Native Router on Amazon EKS (AWS Marketplace Package)</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <prolog>
        <author>tkaur</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <task id="task_rdw_nj5_mpb">
        <title>Install Juniper Cloud-Native Router Using AWS Marketplace Subscription (BYOL)</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_zdt_npy_wtb">
                <p>Use this procedure to install JCNR (BYOL) from AWS Marketplace using Helm
                    charts.</p>
                <p>This procedure installs Cloud-Native Router on your existing Amazon EKS cluster.
                    Ensure you've set up your Amazon EKS cluster prior to running this procedure.
                    You can use any method to create an EKS cluster as long as it meets the system
                    requirements described in <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-eks.dita">System
                        Requirements for EKS Deployment</xref>. </p>
                <p>For convenience, we've provided a CloudFormation template that you can use to
                    quickly get a cluster up and running. This template is provided in <xref href="../example/jcnr-aws-eks-cloud-formation-template.dita"/>.</p>
            </context>
            <steps id="steps_gn1_m3l_gxb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Review the <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-eks.dita">System Requirements for EKS Deployment</xref> to ensure the setup has
                        all the required configuration.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Log in to and search for Cloud-Native Router products from the <xref format="html" href="https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/search/results?searchTerms=jcnr" scope="external">AWS Marketplace</xref>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the JCNR (BYOL) product and subscribe to it.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Scroll down on the selected product's landing page to view the usage
                        instructions.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>The instructions show you how to log in to the ECR Helm registry and
                            download the Cloud-Native Router helm chart.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Copy and run the provided usage instructions on the setup where you issue
                        your AWS CLI commands.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_ift_p43_t1c">aws configure
aws ecr get-login-password <varname>&lt;...&gt;</varname>
helm pull oci: <varname>&lt;...&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>This downloads the
                            <filepath>jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>.tgz</filepath> file
                        onto your setup.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Expand the file
                            <filepath>jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>.tgz</filepath>.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>tar xzvf jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>.tgz</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Change directory to <codeph>jcnr</codeph>.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>cd jcnr</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <note>
                            <p>All remaining steps in the installation assume that your current
                                working directory is now <filepath>jcnr</filepath>.</p>
                        </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>View the contents in the current directory.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>ls
Chart.yaml  charts  cRPD_examples  scripts  secrets  values.yaml</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Follow the steps in <xref href="jcnr-licensing.dita#task_tk3_jgp_41c"/> to
                        install your Cloud-Native Router license.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step id="step_vtx_pzw_kxb">
                    <cmd>Enter the root password for your host server into the
                            <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath> file at the following
                        line:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_g53_tyz_51c">  root-password: &lt;add your password in base64 format&gt;</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>You must enter the password in base64-encoded format. Encode your password
                        as follows:
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_eqx_kyz_51c">echo -n "<varname>password</varname>" | base64 -w0</codeblock>Copy
                        the output of this command into
                            <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Apply <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath> to the cluster.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_qxz_skm_51c">kubectl apply -f secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml
namespace/jcnr created
secret/jcnr-secrets created</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Create the <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-eks.dita#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7d13/section_b5d_xzg_vyb">JCNR ConfigMap</xref> if using the Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol
                        (VRRP) for your Cloud-Native Router cluster. Apply the
                            <codeph>jcnr-aws-config.yaml</codeph> to the Kubernetes system.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>kubectl apply -f jcnr-aws-config.yaml
configmap/jcnr-aws-config created</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If desired, configure how cores are assigned to the vRouter DPDK
                        containers. See <xref href="jcnr-configure-vrouter-performance.dita"/>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Customize the helm chart for your deployment using the
                            <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>See, <xref href="../concept/deployment-config-files-eks.dita">Customize JCNR Helm Chart for EKS Deployment</xref> for
                            descriptions of the helm chart configurations and a sample helm chart
                            for EKS deployment.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Optionally, customize Cloud-Native Router configuration.</cmd>
                    <info>See <xref href="../concept/crpd-customization-node-configlet.dita"/>
                        for creating and applying the cRPD customizations.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the Amazon EBS CSI driver role policy has been attached to the
                        EKS cluster node role.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_uq4_hhb_v1c">aws iam list-attached-role-policies --role-name <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_Role_Name&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                        <p>Look for
                                <codeph>arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AmazonEBSCSIDriverPolicy</codeph>
                            in the output. If this policy is not listed, add it as follows:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_zhh_nhb_v1c">aws iam attach-role-policy --role-name <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_Role_Name&gt;</varname> --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AmazonEBSCSIDriverPolicy</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the Amazon VPC CNI role policy has been attached to the EKS
                        cluster node role.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_gqz_g3b_v1c">aws iam list-attached-role-policies --role-name <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_Role-Name&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                        <p>Look for <codeph>arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonEKS_CNI_Policy</codeph> in
                            the output. If this policy is not listed, add it as follows:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_gqf_k3b_v1c">aws iam attach-role-policy --role-name <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_Role_Name&gt;</varname> --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonEKS_CNI_Policy</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the Amazon EBS CSI driver and Amazon VPC CNI add-ons are
                        installed.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_utc_x3b_v1c">aws eks describe-addon-versions --addon-name aws-ebs-csi-driver</codeblock>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_e55_fjb_v1c">aws eks describe-addon-versions --addon-name vpc-cni</codeblock>
                        <p>If any of the add-ons is not installed, you can install them respectively
                            as follows:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_n1v_njb_v1c">aws eks create-addon --cluster-name my-cluster --addon-name aws-ebs-csi-driver --addon-version <varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname> --service-account-role-arn <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_IAM_role_ARN&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_lcj_4jb_v1c">aws eks create-addon --cluster-name my-cluster --addon-name vpc-cni --addon-version <varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname> --service-account-role-arn <varname>&lt;EKS_Cluster_Node_IAM_role_ARN&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>Be sure to install the versions listed in <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-eks.dita#xd_97ca4427c072890e-38403db6-189f3ce8904--7d13/section_kh4_wdk_gxb"/>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Label the nodes where you want Cloud-Native Router to be installed based on
                        the <codeph>nodeaffinity</codeph> configuration (if defined in the
                            <codeph>values.yaml</codeph>). For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_q1c_zgn_sbc">kubectl label nodes ip-10.0.100.17.us-east-2.compute.internal key1=jcnr --overwrite</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Deploy the Juniper Cloud-Native Router using the helm chart.</cmd>
                    <info>Run the following
                        command:<codeblock>helm install jcnr .</codeblock></info>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>NAME: jcnr
LAST DEPLOYED: <varname>&lt;date_time&gt;</varname>
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step id="ds-v-jcnr-cni">
                    <cmd>Confirm Juniper Cloud-Native Router deployment.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>helm ls</codeblock>
                        <p>Sample output:</p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_dyc_xvb_v1c" scale="80">
NAME    NAMESPACE    REVISION   UPDATED       STATUS      CHART            APP VERSION
jcnr    default      1          <varname>&lt;date_time&gt;</varname>   deployed    jcnr-<varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname>   <varname>&lt;version&gt;</varname></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</topic-map>