<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_73c1001ccde8abf9-1ccac70-18dea8feb50--7fd2" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Manage Cloud-Native Router Licenses</title>
    <shortdesc>Learn how to install and renew your Cloud-Native Router license.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>bfong</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <tmbody>
        <p>A Cloud-Native Router license is required for you to use the containerized Routing
            Protocol Daemon (cRPD). Cloud-Native Router licensing is aligned with the Juniper Agile
            Licensing (JAL) model. JAL ensures that features are used in compliance with Juniper's
            end-user license agreement. You can purchase licenses for Cloud-Native Router software
            through your Juniper Networks representative.</p>
        <p>For more information on JAL or for managing multiple license files for multiple
            Cloud-Native Router deployments, see <xref format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/license/licensing/topics/topic-map/jal-overview.html" scope="external">Juniper Agile Licensing Overview</xref>.</p>
        <note id="note_p4f_gfm_51c">
            <p>Starting with Cloud-Native Router Release 23.2, the Cloud-Native Router license
                format has changed. Request a new license key from the JAL portal before deploying
                or upgrading from a pre-23.2 release to this release.</p>
        </note>
    </tmbody>
    <task id="task_tk3_jgp_41c">
        <title>Installing Your License</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_mks_hzp_41c">Use this procedure to install your Cloud-Native Router
                    license.<note id="note_hz1_qmm_51c">
                    <p>You must obtain your license file from your account team and install it in
                        the <filepath>jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath> file as described in the
                        procedures in this section. Without the proper base64-encoded license key
                        and root password in the <filepath>jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath> file, the
                        cRPD pod may sometimes not enter Running state, but remain in
                        CrashLoopBackOff state. </p>
                </note></context>
            <steps id="steps_ngq_jzp_41c">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Encode your license in base64.</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock id="codeblock_g5q_pbq_41c">base64 -w 0 <filepath>licenseFile</filepath></codeblock>where
                        licenseFile is the license file that you obtained from Juniper
                            Networks.<p>The output of this command is your base64-encoded
                            license.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Copy and paste your base64-encoded license into
                            <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath>.</cmd>
                    <info>The <filepath>secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</filepath> file contains a
                        parameter called
                            <codeph>crpd-license</codeph>:<codeblock id="codeblock_rql_wcq_41c">  crpd-license: |
    &lt;add your license in base64 format&gt;</codeblock><p>If this is
                            your first time adding your license, then replace <codeph>&lt;add your
                                license in base64 format&gt;</codeph> with your base64-encoded
                            license.</p><p>If you're renewing your license, then replace your old
                            base64-encoded license with your new base64-encoded license.</p><p>Save
                            and quit the file and continue with your installation.</p></info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_e15_krd_qjb">
        <title>Renewing Your License</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_qfm_dgp_41c">
                <p>Use this procedure to renew your Cloud-Native Router license.</p>
                <p>When your Cloud-Native Router license expires, you'll receive a License Expired
                    notification through syslog. Additionally, you can see the License Expired
                    notification event in the Cloud-Native Router notification log file (typically
                        <filepath>/var/log/jcnr/jcnr_notifications.json</filepath>). The
                    notification looks something like this: <codeph>LICENSE_EXPIRED: License for
                        feature Containerized routing protocol daemon with standard features(243)
                        expired. Contact Juniper partner or account team.</codeph></p>
                <p>All Cloud-Native Router features continue to function even after your license
                    expires but will cease to function the next time the cRPD pod restarts. To
                    prevent this from occurring, contact your Juniper Networks representative as
                    soon as possible to receive a new license.</p>
                <p>When you receive your new license, follow these steps to renew your license in
                    the current cluster:</p>
            </context>
            <steps id="steps_hhq_52q_41c">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Follow <xref format="dita" href="#task_tk3_jgp_41c"/> to install your new
                        license.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Apply your new license to the cluster.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_eqr_z2q_41c">kubectl apply -f secrets/jcnr-secrets.yaml</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Restart the cRPD pod(s) to pick up the new license.</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock id="codeblock_zr4_jfq_41c">kubectl delete pod jcnr-<varname>xxx</varname>-crpd-0 -n jcnr</codeblock>When
                        you delete a cRPD pod, a new one (with the new license) will be instantiated
                        in its place. If you have more than one cRPD pod, remember to delete them
                        all.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that your license was installed properly.</cmd>
                    <substeps id="substeps_xws_wfq_41c">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Access the cRPD pod.</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock id="codeblock_v2h_cjq_41c">kubectl exec -it jcnr-<varname>xxx</varname>-crpd-0 -n jcnr -- bash</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Enter CLI mode and show the license.</cmd>
                            <info><codeblock id="codeblock_mhf_1gq_41c">cli</codeblock><codeblock id="codeblock_src_cgq_41c">show system license</codeblock>The
                                output should show that the
                                    <codeph>containerized-rpd-standard</codeph> license was
                                installed.</info>
                            <info>If the output shows that the license was not installed, then
                                double check your steps or call Juniper Networks for support.</info>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</topic-map>