<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic-map PUBLIC "-//juniper//DTD DITA topic-map//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/topic-map/dtd/topic-map.dtd">
<topic-map xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_048028fc5d39450a-2e4925b9-18a45bf518c--7ef0" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Verify <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Installation on Amazon EKS</title>
    <shortdesc>This section enables you to verify a successful <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>installation. </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>tkaur</author>
        <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
        <data name="cli-help-text"/>
        <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
    </prolog>
    <task id="task_xlz_fkg_qyb">
        <title>Verify <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Installation on Amazon EKS</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the state of the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>pods by issuing the <codeph>kubectl get pods
                            -A</codeph> command. The output of the <codeph>kubectl</codeph> command
                        shows all of the pods in the Kubernetes cluster in all namespaces.
                        Successful deployment means that all pods are in the running state. In this
                        example we have marked the Juniper Cloud-Native Router Pods in <b>bold</b>.
                        For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get pods -A</codeblock>
                        <codeblock>
NAMESPACE         NAME                                      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS         AGE
contrail-deploy   contrail-k8s-deployer-5b6c9656d5-nw9t9   1/1     Running   0               13d   
contrail          contrail-vrouter-nodes-wmr26             3/3     Running   0               13d   
jcnr              kube-crpd-worker-sts-3                   1/1     Running   0               13d   
jcnr              syslog-ng-tct27                          1/1     Running   0               13d   
kube-system       aws-node-k8hxl                           1/1     Running   1 (15d ago)     15d   
kube-system       ebs-csi-node-c8rbh                       3/3     Running   3 (15d ago)     15d   
kube-system       kube-multus-ds-8nzhs                     1/1     Running   1 (13d ago)     13d   
kube-system       kube-proxy-h669c                         1/1     Running   1 (15d ago)     15d   </codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>daemonsets by issuing the <codeph>kubectl get ds
                            -A</codeph> command. Use the <codeph>kubectl get ds -A</codeph> command
                        to get a list of daemonsets. The <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>daemonsets are highlighted in
                            <b>bold</b> text.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get ds -A</codeblock>
                        <codeblock>NAMESPACE     NAME                       DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR              AGE
contrail      contrail-vrouter-masters   0         0         0       0            0           &lt;none&gt;                     13d
contrail      contrail-vrouter-nodes     1         1         1       1            1           &lt;none&gt;                     13d
jcnr          syslog-ng                  1         1         1       1            1           &lt;none&gt;                     13d
kube-system   aws-node                   8         8         8       8            8           &lt;none&gt;                     15d
kube-system   ebs-csi-node               8         8         8       8            8           kubernetes.io/os=linux     15d
kube-system   ebs-csi-node-windows       0         0         0       0            0           kubernetes.io/os=windows   15d
kube-system   kube-multus-ds             8         8         8       8            8           &lt;none&gt;                     13d
kube-system   kube-proxy                 8         8         8       8            8           &lt;none&gt;                     15d</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>statefulsets by issuing the <codeph>kubectl get
                            statefulsets -A</codeph> command. The command output provides the
                        statefulsets.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>kubectl get statefulsets -A</codeblock>
                        <codeblock>NAMESPACE   NAME                   READY   AGE
jcnr        kube-crpd-worker-sts   1/1     27m</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify if the cRPD is licensed and has the appropriate
                        configurations.</cmd>
                    <substeps id="substeps_b1t_wkg_qyb">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>View the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-crpd-cli">Access the cRPD CLI</xref> section for instructions to access
                                the cRPD CLI. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Once you have access the cRPD CLI, issue the <codeph>show system
                                    license</codeph> command in the cli mode to view the system
                                licenses. For example:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>root@jcnr-01:/# cli
root@jcnr-01&gt; show system license
License usage:
                                 Licenses     Licenses    Licenses    Expiry
  Feature name                       used    installed      needed
  containerized-rpd-standard            1        1           0    2024-09-20 16:59:00 PDT
 
Licenses installed:
  License identifier: 85e5229f-0c64-0000-c10e4-a98c09ab34a1
  License SKU: S-CRPD-10-A1-PF-5
  License version: 1
  Order Type: commercial
  Software Serial Number: 1000098711000-iHpgf
  Customer ID: Juniper Networks Inc.
  License count: 15000
  Features:
    containerized-rpd-standard - Containerized routing protocol daemon with standard features
      date-based, 2022-08-21 17:00:00 PDT - 2027-09-20 16:59:00 PDT</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Issue the <codeph>show configuration | display set</codeph> command
                                in the cli mode to view the cRPD default and custom configuration.
                                The output will be based on the custom configuration and the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>deployment mode.</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>root@jcnr-01# cli          
root@jcnr-01&gt; show configuration | display set </codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the <codeph>exit</codeph> command to exit from the pod
                                shell.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the vRouter interfaces configuration.</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>View the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-user.accessing-vrouter-cli">Access
                                    the vRouter CLI</xref> section for instructions on how to access
                                the vRouter CLI. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Once you have accessed the vRouter CLI, issue the <codeph>vif
                                    --list</codeph> command to view the vRouter interfaces . The
                                output will depend upon the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>deployment mode and configuration.
                                An example for L3 mode deployment, with one fabric interface
                                configured, is provided below:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>$ vif --list 

Vrouter Interface Table

Flags: P=Policy, X=Cross Connect, S=Service Chain, Mr=Receive Mirror
       Mt=Transmit Mirror, Tc=Transmit Checksum Offload, L3=Layer 3, L2=Layer 2
       D=DHCP, Vp=Vhost Physical, Pr=Promiscuous, Vnt=Native Vlan Tagged
       Mnp=No MAC Proxy, Dpdk=DPDK PMD Interface, Rfl=Receive Filtering Offload, Mon=Interface is Monitored
       Uuf=Unknown Unicast Flood, Vof=VLAN insert/strip offload, Df=Drop New Flows, L=MAC Learning Enabled
       Proxy=MAC Requests Proxied Always, Er=Etree Root, Mn=Mirror without Vlan Tag, HbsL=HBS Left Intf
       HbsR=HBS Right Intf, Ig=Igmp Trap Enabled, Ml=MAC-IP Learning Enabled, Me=Multicast Enabled

vif0/0      Socket: unix MTU: 1514
            Type:Agent HWaddr:00:00:5e:00:01:00
            Vrf:65535 Flags:L2 QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            Drops:0

vif0/1      PCI: 0000:00:07.0 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1) NH: 6 MTU: 9000
            Type:Physical HWaddr:0e:d0:2a:58:46:4f IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:0 Flags:L3L2 QOS:0 Ref:8
            RX device packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            RX port   packets:20476 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:00:07.0  Status: UP  Driver: net_ena
            RX packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            TX packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX port   packets:2 errors:0
            TX device packets:8  bytes:740 errors:0

vif0/2      PCI: 0000:00:08.0 (Speed 1000, Duplex 1) NH: 7 MTU: 9000
            Type:Physical HWaddr:0e:6a:9e:04:da:6f IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:0 Flags:L3L2 QOS:0 Ref:8
            RX device packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            RX port   packets:20476 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            Fabric Interface: 0000:00:08.0  Status: UP  Driver: net_ena
            RX packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            TX packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX port   packets:2 errors:0
            TX device packets:8  bytes:740 errors:0

vif0/3      PMD: eth2 NH: 10 MTU: 9000
            Type:Host HWaddr:0e:d0:2a:58:46:4f IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:65535 Flags:L3L2DProxyEr QOS:-1 Ref:11 TxXVif:1 
            RX device packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            RX queue  packets:2 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            TX packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX queue  packets:20476 errors:0
            TX device packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0

vif0/4      PMD: eth3 NH: 15 MTU: 9000
            Type:Host HWaddr:0e:6a:9e:04:da:6f IPaddr:0.0.0.0
            DDP: OFF SwLB: ON
            Vrf:0 Mcast Vrf:65535 Flags:L3L2DProxyEr QOS:-1 Ref:11 TxXVif:2 
            RX device packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            RX queue  packets:2 errors:0
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:2  bytes:180 errors:0
            TX packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0
            Drops:0
            TX queue  packets:20476 errors:0
            TX device packets:20476  bytes:859992 errors:0</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type <codeph>exit</codeph> to exit from the pod shell.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</topic-map>