<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_6565543725123c80--2b77568f-1872d670036--7d14" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Resolved Issues</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section provides information about issues that we resolved between releases 22.4 and
      22.4.1.</p>
    <section id="section_jjb_c2h_xvb">
      <title>Resolved Issues in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 22.4.1</title>
      <ul id="ul_f41_rqj_zwb">
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3416: CRPD logs are getting generated in /var/log/ and there is no option
              provided in the JCNR helm charts to change the default log path</b>—cRPD logs were
            being generated in the <filepath>/var/log/</filepath> folder and there was no option
            provided in the Juniper Cloud-Native Router helm charts to change the default log path.
            This issue is now resolved. A new <filepath>log_path</filepath> key is provided in both
              <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> and <filepath>values_L3.yaml</filepath> files.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3436: corefiles not saved on /var/crash on host</b>—The core files were not
            being saved in the <filepath>/var/crash</filepath> folder by default. This issue is now
            resolved. A new <filepath>coreFilePath</filepath> key is provided in both
              <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> and <filepath>values_L3.yaml</filepath> files.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3162: Inconsistencies observed with pods using JCNR kernel interfaces after the
              node (server) was rebooted</b>—After the node (server) was rebooted, if the pods using
            JCNR kernel interfaces attempted to transition to the Running state while the cRPD
            container was initializing, those pods were found to land in an error state. This issue
            is now resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3269: JCNR Interface is created without Vlan-ID in vrouter-master POD</b>—While
            testing pod deletion, it was found that the JCNR interface was created without proper
            VLAN ID, resulting in packets being dropped at the interface level. This issue is now
            resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3373: JCNR is dropping multicast packets (DHCPv6 solicit request) coming from
              the radio unit</b>—During reboot testing, it was observed that Juniper Cloud-Native
            Router was dropping DHCPv6 solicit requests coming from the radio unit. This issue is
            now resolved.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-3420: post restarting docker services, DU pods are not able to reach the
              gateway</b>—After the docker restart it was noticed that all the pods restart and
            recover. However, after recovery, the <filepath>GW</filepath> was not reachable from
            inside the <filepath>odu</filepath> pods. This issue is now resolved.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>