<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_d10b2736d8af3f00--7cdfdef-1847ab4f615--7fdc" xml:lang="en-US" outputclass="coverpage">
  <!--Make sure that the concept element for the release notes cover page topic has the outputclass=coverpage attribute.  -->
  <title>Juniper Cloud-Native Router 22.4 Cover Page</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>probbins</author>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <!--Use sections (with titles in capital letters) to document the highlights of the release. Only the sections in this topic will be included in the HTML and PDF output. 
    Use a bulleted list in each section to document the release highlights. The text in each list item must link to the location where it is documented in detail in the release notes as shown in the XML sample below:
    <li><p> <xref href="routing-protocols.dita#ti-lfa-srlg">TI-LFA SRLG protection for IS-IS (MX Series and PTX Series)</xref> </p></li>-->
    <section id="section_hbq_n3h_trb">
      <title>INTRODUCTION</title>
      <p>Juniper Cloud-Native Router (cloud-native router) is a containerized implementation of
        Juniper control and forwarding planes. The cloud-native router runs on "white-box" Linux
        servers. It consists of modular components including a control plane (JCNR-Controller),
        forwarding plane (JCNR-vRouter), and JCNR-CNI. The control plane provides a Junos-based
        management framework; while the JCNR-vRouter, a DPDK-based forwarding plane, decouples
        forwarding from the Linux kernel, thus allowing faster forwarding and more scalability.
        JCNR-CNI provides the network interfaces in software that allow JCNR to network with other
        containers, VMs, and physical devices. Together, these elements provide flexibility,
        programmability, and scalability for the coming generations of 5G installations.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_aff_2ty_dsb">
      <title>SUPPORTED ON</title>
      <ul id="ul_th2_zw1_yrb">
        <li>
          <p>RHEL 8.4, 8.5, or 8.6</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Rocky Linux 8.6</p>
        </li>
        <!--<li><p>CentOS 8.4 or 8.5</p></li><li><p>Ubuntu 20.04</p></li>-->
      </ul>
      <p>You can install the cloud-native router on VMs or BMS that run the operating systems shown
        above. Each server must have one or more Intel Columbiaville (E810) or Intel Fortville
        (XL710) NICs installed for proper operation.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>