<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_609e26bb69c88a11--68ca4e59-17d503edd14--76c8" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>New Features</title>
  <prolog>
    <author/>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Read this section to learn about new features in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release
      21.4.</p>
    <section id="section_e2m_bqb_wrb">
      <title>Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR)</title>
      <ul id="ul_f2m_bqb_wrb">
        <li><b>JCNR-Controller</b>–The JCNR-controler is based on our tried-and-tested containerized
          routing protocol daemon, cRPD. We use cRPD in the JCNR to provide the control plane
          functions, interface with the forwarding plane, and manage routing protocol traffic to and
          from other networks, containers, and Kubernetes pods.</li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-vRouter</b>–JCNR-vRouter is a DPDK-based forwarding plane. JCNR-vRouter is able
            to perform the following services: provide high-speed forwarding, provide network
            services such as installing and enforcing security policies, and perform routing with
            Layer 3 VPNs.</p>
          <!--<p>The DPDK-based forwarding plane allows you to send and receive packets to or from a VIRTIO-enabled net device (vhost) on a container.</p>-->
          <p>JCNR-vrouter uses a component known as the vRouter-agent to receive communication from
            JCNR-control-plane and JCNR-CNI.
            <!--The JCNR-vRouter-agent translates control plane messages regarding routes, next-hops, etc and sends programming commands directly to the JCNR-vRouter.--></p>
        </li>
        <li><b>JCNR-CNI</b>–JCNR uses the new container network interface application, JCNR-CNI.
          <!--This interface is specific to the JCNR platform and provides a number of benefits:<ul id="ul_pzy_cbd_wrb"><li>Assign IP addresses to the veth interfaces automatically</li><li>Request that JCNR-vRouter monitor its end of the connection between itself and the container</li><li>Notify the POD to start using the JCNR-vRouter memory-mapped interface</li></ul>--></li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Dual Stack Pod Network (IPv4/IPv6)</b>–In JCNR, the pod network is divided into an
            IPv6 underlay network and an IPv4/IPv6 overlay network. The IPv6 underlay network is
            used for control plane traffic such as BGP, OSPF, and ISIS.</p>
          <p>The IPv4/IPv6 overlay network is used for traffic sent and received by the user pods
            created in the compute nodes connected to the JCNR-vRouter.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for BGP, OSPF, and ISIS Routing Protocols</b>–The JCNR-control-plane uses an
            IPv6 underlay network supported, in turn, by the JCNR-vRouter data plane. Control plane
            traffic such as BGP, OSPF, and ISIS protocols are routed over this IPv6 underlay
            network.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Support for SR-MPLS</b>–JCNR supports SR-MPLS (over IPv4 and IPv6) tunnels,
            allocated by the JCNR-control-plane, that the JCNR-vRouter uses to route overlay traffic
            coming from user pods.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>IPv4/IPv6 Security Groups</b>–JCNR controls the types of traffic that can pass
            through any network port with the use of security groups and rules. Both ingress and
            egress traffic can be controlled using these security groups.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Netconf-SSH</b>–JCNR-control-plane configuration is performed using Netconf-SSH
            (NETCONF protocol over SSH).</p>
        </li>
        <!--<li><b>Ethernet Packet Switching</b></li><li><b>MAC Address Handling</b></li><li><b>VLAN Tagging</b></li><li><b>Bridge Domain Support</b></li><li><b>Trunk Port Support</b></li><li><b>Support for Multiple Interface Types</b></li><li><b>IP Address Allocation for Application Pods</b></li><li><b>L2 ACL</b></li><li><b>Rate Limiting Broadcast Traffic</b></li><li><b>NIC Support</b></li><li/>-->
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept><?oxy_options track_changes="on"?>