<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7868" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Known Limitations</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>This section describes issues and limitations present in Juniper Cloud-Native Router release
      23.2.</p>
    <section id="section_zqk_5dh_xvb">
      <title>Known Issues and Limitations in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.2</title>
      <ul id="ul_k4r_hwv_ywb">
        <!--23.2 known issues-->
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4348:</b>
            <b>IPv4 and IPv6 traceroute via JCNR is not working with bgp unnumbered
            underlay.</b>—When JCNR is deployed between two provider edge routers, the IPv4 and IPv6
            traceroute does not work with BGP underlay. In case of BGP unnumbered, interfaces don’t
            have v4 or v6 routable addresses. So, JCNR should generate TTL expiry error packets with
            source address as vrf loopback address. However, currently JCNR only supports one
            loopback in global vrf. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4346</b>: <b>The vrouter deployment fails in L3 mode if Networkmanager is
              enabled for the interfaces assigned to JCNR—</b>The vRouter deployment fails in L3
            mode with the following error message: <codeph>error creating TAP interface bond0:
              Invalid argument</codeph>. The Networkmanager must be disabled for the interfaces
            assigned to JCNR and the bond interface must be manually created. Please review the
            System Requirements for more detail.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4342: The vRouter does not persist latest interface configuration on pod
              restart or crash</b>—If interfaces have IP configuration prior to JCNR deployment and
            post deployment, the interfaces are configured via the cRPD, the vRouter does not
            persist the latest configuration on pod restart or crash. The latest interface
            configuration must be manually applied via the cRPD after the vRouter restarts.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4171: Ping between IPv6 kernel pod interfaces intermittently fails</b>—Ping
            between IPv6 kernel pod interfaces with JCNR deployed as a CNI in L3 mode fails
            intermittently with <codeph>Destination unreachable: Address unreachable</codeph> error
            message. It is recommended to disable ipv6 forwarding globally on the host as a
            workaround.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4145: Link Local Addresses do not persist for non-default VRFs upon cRPD
              restart</b>—The link local addresses do not persist for non-default VRFs upon the cRPD
            restart, if the Networkmanager is enabled for interfaces assigned to JCNR. The
            Networkmanager must be disabled for interfaces assigned to JCNR at the time of
            deployment. Please review the System Requirements for more detail.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4248: Keepalived cores are generated when VRRP is initially configured in
              cRPD</b>— When VRRP is initially configured in cRPD or deleted and re-configured,
            keepalived cores are generated in the <codeph>/var/crash</codeph> directory. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4364: PersistentVolumeClaims (PVCs) and PersistentVolumes (PVs) created by JCNR
              are not deleted upon uninstallation on AWS EKS deployments</b>—When Helm installs the
            JCNR charts, including the cRPD statefulset, any PVCs and PVs created are not deleted
            upon JCNR uninstallation. This is standard Helm behavior. The following additional steps
            are recommended to clean up JCNR PVCs on EKS when uninstalling: </p>
          <codeblock>kubectl delete pvc &lt;pvc_name&gt; -n jcnr
kubectl delete pv &lt;pv_name&gt;  </codeblock>
          <p>Note that the JCNR PVCs are in the <codeph>jcnr</codeph> namespace, while the PVs have
              <codeph>StorageClass</codeph> set to <codeph>jcnrstorage</codeph>. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>JCNR-4070: Core path not updated as per values.yaml</b>— The core path is not
            updated as defined under the <codeph>corePattern</codeph> attribute in values.yaml. The
              <codeph>core_pattern</codeph> value must be defined on the host before deploying JCNR.
            Please see System Requirements for more detail.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>