<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 General Task//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/generalTask.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_19e939a6782fa58a--74813304-195a32dabb2--7d35" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Install Cloud-Native Router on the Managed and Transit Nodes</title>
  <shortdesc>This example procedure shows how to configure the Cloud-Native Routers for management
    access on the overlay for pre-bound interfaces in a Wind River deployment.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>bfong</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <steps id="steps_mrw_bdb_s2c">
      <step>
        <cmd>Follow the steps in <xref href="../concept/system-resource-requirements-windriver.dita#xd_b38af575324e42a4-2678ef71-18a5bf4f261--7da2/section_fjj_gk1_4bc"/> on the managed node to create virtual functions on the SR-IOV-enabled NIC and pre-bind
          these interfaces to the vfio DPDK driver. These are ens1f0v0, ens1f0v1, and ens1f0v2 in
          our example.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note id="note_ycx_4sn_s2c">You must create the ens1f0v0 and ens1f0v1 virtual functions
            from the same physical function or NIC because this solution relies on the virtual
            Ethernet bridge on the NIC to perform switching between these two virtual functions. In
            our example, we use the same NIC for all three virtual functions.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure and install the Cloud-Native Router on the managed node. </cmd>
        <info>Follow the steps in <xref href="../concept/install-jcnr-windriver.dita#task_rdw_nj5_mpb"/> to
          configure and install the Cloud-Native Router with pre-bound interfaces. Configure the
          installation Helm chart as you normally would for pre-bound interfaces, but specify the
          pre-bound interface type for ens1f0v1 as <codeph>workload</codeph> and ens1f0v2 as
            <codeph>fabric</codeph>:<codeblock id="codeblock_xzn_kzc_t2c">networkDetails:
-  ddp: “off”
   name: ens1f0v1net1
   namespace: default
   type: workload
-  ddp: “off”
   name: ens1f0v2net2
   namespace: default
   type: fabric</codeblock>where <codeph>ens1f0v1net1</codeph> is the network attachment
          definition for the ens1f0v1 interface and<codeph>ens1f0v2net2</codeph> is the network
          attachment definition for the ens1f0v2 interface. <p>The workload interface is the OAM
            interface.</p></info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure and install the Cloud-Native Router on the transit node.</cmd>
        <info>Follow the steps in <xref href="../concept/install-jcnr-bms.dita#task_rdw_nj5_mpb"/> to configure and
          install the Cloud-Native Router. Configure the installation Helm chart on the transit node
          as you normally would (with both interfaces configured as fabric
          interfaces).<codeblock id="codeblock_xm3_rd3_s2c">fabricInterface:
- ens1f0:
  ddp: "off" 
- ens1f1:
  ddp: “off”</codeblock></info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>