<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 General Task//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/generalTask.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_73c1001ccde8abf9-1ccac70-18dea8feb50--7fd8" xml:lang="en-US">
 <title>Upgrading JCNR</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>bfong</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
 <taskbody>
  <context>
      <p>Use this procedure to upgrade <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>to the current release.</p>
    </context>
<steps>
 <step>
        <cmd>Download the tarball,
              <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release_number</varname>.tgz</filepath>,
          to the directory of your choice. You must perform the file transfer in binary mode when
          transferring the file to your server so that the compressed tar file expands
          properly.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Expand the file
            <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release-number</varname>.tgz</filepath>.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_ib3_2bp_41c">tar xzvf Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release-number</varname>.tgz</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Change directory to
          Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release-number</varname>.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_ldf_hbp_41c">cd Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release-number</varname></codeblock>
          <note id="note_mdf_hbp_41c">All remaining steps in the upgrade assume that your current
            working directory is now
                <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>release-number</varname></filepath>.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Customize the helm chart for your deployment using the
            <filepath>helmchart/values.yaml</filepath> file to match the helm chart configuration in
          your current installation.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Deploy the Juniper Cloud-Native Router using the helm chart. Navigate to the
            <filepath>helmchart</filepath> directory and run the following command:</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_wqm_lbp_41c">helm upgrade jcnr .
Release "jcnr" has been upgraded. Happy Helming!
NAME: jcnr
LAST DEPLOYED: <varname>&lt;date&gt;</varname>
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: <varname>&lt;revision&gt;</varname>
TEST SUITE: None</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Confirm that Juniper Cloud-Native Router has been deployed by looking for the
            <uicontrol>deployed</uicontrol> STATUS in the output.</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock id="codeblock_awq_pbp_41c">helm ls</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>