<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 General Task//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/generalTask.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_7a746bc164c8b840--3e89a8b5-18fbd4ac7d3--7eea" xml:lang="en-US">
 <title>Deploy Prepackaged Images</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>bfong</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="context_s4j_xzc_dbc">Use this procedure to import Cloud-Native Router images to the
      container runtime from the downloaded Cloud-Native Router software packages.<p>Your cluster
        can pull Cloud-Native Router images from the <codeph>enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeph>
        repository or your cluster can use the Cloud-Native Router images that are included in the
        downloaded Cloud-Native Router software packages.</p><p>This latter option is useful if your
        cluster doesn't have access to the Internet or if you want to set up your own
        repository.</p><p>Setting up your own repository is beyond the scope of this document, but
        your cluster can still use the included images if you manually import them to the container
        runtime on each cluster node where you want to run the downloaded software. Simply use the
        respective container runtime commands. We show you how to do this in the procedure
        below.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="steps_hst_ldd_dbc">
      <step>
        <cmd>Locate the gzipped images tar file in the downloaded software package. </cmd>
        <info>
          <ul id="ul_its_bkz_ydc">
            <li>
              <p>For regular Cloud-Native Router images, the gzipped images tar file is
                    <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>/images/jcnr-images.tar.gz</filepath>.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>For Cloud-Native Router Service Module images, the gzipped images tar file is
                    <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_Service_Module_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>/images/jcnr-images.tar.gz</filepath>.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>For Cloud-Native Router Validation Factory images, the gzipped images tar file is
                    <filepath>JCNR_Validation_Factory_<varname>&lt;release&gt;</varname>/images/jcnr-valfac-images.tar.gz</filepath>.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Gunzip the images tar file.</cmd>
        <info><codeblock id="codeblock_hrm_rkz_ydc">gunzip jcnr-images.tar.gz</codeblock>or
          <codeblock id="codeblock_lxc_tkz_ydc">gunzip jcnr-valfac-images.tar.gz</codeblock></info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Copy the gunzipped images tar file to every node where you're installing the downloaded
          software.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="step_kkg_gwb_4bc">
        <cmd>SSH to one of the nodes and go to the directory where you copied the gunzipped images
          tar file.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Import the images to the container runtime.</cmd>
        <info>For regular Cloud-Native Router images:<ul id="ul_o2w_1qc_fdc">
            <li>
              <p>containerd: <codeph>sudo ctr -n k8s.io images import jcnr-images.tar</codeph></p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>docker: <codeph>sudo docker load -i jcnr-images.tar</codeph></p>
            </li>
          </ul></info>
        <info>For Cloud-Native Router Service Module images:<ul id="ul_rfj_ymz_ydc">
            <li>
              <p>podman: <codeph>sudo podman load -i jcnr-images.tar</codeph></p>
            </li>
          </ul></info>
        <info>For Cloud-Native Router Validation Factory images:<ul id="ul_sf1_dlz_ydc">
            <li>
              <p>containerd: <codeph>sudo ctr -n k8s.io images import
                  jcnr-valfac-images.tar</codeph></p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>docker: <codeph>sudo docker load -i jcnr-valfac-images.tar</codeph></p>
            </li>
          </ul></info>
      </step>
      <step id="step_eyn_gwb_4bc">
        <cmd>Check that the images have been imported.</cmd>
        <info>
          <ul id="ul_dy1_hqc_fdc">
            <li>
              <p>containerd: <codeph>ctr -n k8s.io images ls</codeph></p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>docker: <codeph>docker images</codeph></p>
            </li>
            <li>
              <p>podman: <codeph>podman images</codeph></p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Repeat steps <xref format="dita" href="#xd_7a746bc164c8b840--3e89a8b5-18fbd4ac7d3--7eea/step_kkg_gwb_4bc"/> to <xref href="#xd_7a746bc164c8b840--3e89a8b5-18fbd4ac7d3--7eea/step_eyn_gwb_4bc"/> on each node
          where you're installing the downloaded software.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result id="result_mzl_jxb_4bc">When you install Cloud-Native Router later on, the cluster first
      searches locally for the required images before reaching out to
        <codeph>enterprise-hub.juniper.net</codeph>. Since you manually imported the images locally
      on each node, the cluster finds the images locally and does not need to download them from an
      external source.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>