<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 General Task//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/generalTask.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_19e939a6782fa58a--74813304-195a32dabb2--7d3a" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Install Cloud-Native Router on the Managed and Transit Nodes</title>
  <shortdesc>This example procedure shows how to configure the Cloud-Native Routers for management
    access on the overlay in a bare metal deployment.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>bfong</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <steps id="steps_mrw_bdb_s2c">
      <step>
        <cmd>Create the three virtual functions on the SR-IOV-enabled NIC on the managed node. These
          are ens1f0v0, ens1f0v1, and ens1f0v2 in our example. See public SR-IOV documentation for
          information on how to do this.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note id="note_ycx_4sn_s2c">You must create the ens1f0v0 and ens1f0v1 virtual functions
            from the same physical function or NIC because this solution relies on the virtual
            Ethernet bridge on the NIC to perform switching between these two virtual functions. In
            our example, we use the same NIC for all three virtual functions.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure and install the Cloud-Native Router on the managed node.</cmd>
        <info>Follow the steps in <xref href="../concept/install-jcnr-bms.dita#task_rdw_nj5_mpb"/> to configure and
          install the Cloud-Native Router. Configure the installation Helm chart as you normally
          would, but specify ens1f0v2 to be a fabric interface and ens1f0v1 to be a fabric workload
          interface:<codeblock id="codeblock_nql_t2b_s2c">fabricInterface:
- ens1f0v2:
  ddp: "off" 
fabricWorkloadInterface:
- ens1f0v1:
  ddp: “off”</codeblock>The fabric workload interface is the OAM interface.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure and install the Cloud-Native Router on the transit node.</cmd>
        <info>Follow the steps in <xref href="../concept/install-jcnr-bms.dita#task_rdw_nj5_mpb"/> to configure and
          install the Cloud-Native Router. Configure the installation Helm chart on the transit node
          as you normally would (with both interfaces configured as fabric
          interfaces).<codeblock id="codeblock_xm3_rd3_s2c">fabricInterface:
- ens1f0:
  ddp: "off" 
- ens1f1:
  ddp: “off”</codeblock></info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>