<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_1a8e069a06657f97--7cd600da-188de57988f--793c" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Access vRouter CLI</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>You can access the command-line interface (CLI) of the vRouter by accessing the shell of the
      running vRouter-agent container.</p>
    <note>
      <p>The commands below are provided as an example. The vRouter pod name must be replaced from
        your environment. The command outputs may differ based on your environment.</p>
    </note>
    <p>List the running pods on the K8s Cluster:</p>
    <codeblock>kubectl get pods -A
NAMESPACE         NAME                                            READY   STATUS    RESTARTS        AGE
<b>contrail-deploy   contrail-k8s-deployer-5dff6d8b89-7pt9c          1/1     Running   0               138m
contrail          contrail-tools-p27js                            1/1     Running   0               138m
contrail          jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-fslcb          2/2     Running   0               138m
contrail          jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-vrdpdk-pw9w6   1/1     Running   0               138m
jcnr              jcnr-0-crpd-0                                   2/2     Running   0               135m
jcnr              syslog-ng-svzxg                                 1/1     Running   0               138m</b>
kube-system       calico-kube-controllers-7675746f76-bqbvc        1/1     Running   0               179d
kube-system       calico-node-pt7vb                               1/1     Running   0               540d
kube-system       coredns-59d6b54d97-2qms8                        1/1     Running   0               540d
kube-system       dns-autoscaler-7944dc7978-9t7zd                 1/1     Running   0               540d
kube-system       kube-apiserver-5d8s1-node1                      1/1     Running   0               483d
kube-system       kube-controller-manager-5d8s1-node1             1/1     Running   0               359d
kube-system       kube-multus-ds-amd64-hhhk9                      1/1     Running   0               126d
kube-system       kube-proxy-nfvrl                                1/1     Running   0               540d
kube-system       kube-scheduler-5d8s1-node1                      1/1     Running   0               359d
kube-system       kube-sriov-cni-ds-amd64-wcsfh                   1/1     Running   0               126d
kube-system       kube-sriov-device-plugin-amd64-b9qvp            1/1     Running   0               223d
kube-system       nodelocaldns-qzjq9                              1/1     Running   0               540d</codeblock>
    <p>Copy the name of the vRouter pod—<codeph>cjcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-fslcb</codeph> in
      this example output . You will use the pod name to connect to the running container's
      shell.</p>
    <p>Issue the <codeph>kubectl exec</codeph> command to access the running container's shell:</p>
    <codeblock>kubectl exec -n &lt;namespace&gt; -it &lt;pod name&gt; --container &lt;container name&gt; -- bash</codeblock>
    <p>where <i>&lt;namespace&gt;</i> identifies the namespace in which the pod is running, <i>&lt;pod
        name&gt;</i> specificies the name of the pod and the <i>&lt;container name&gt;</i> specifies the
      name of the container (to be specified if the pod has more than one container).</p>
    <p>The vRouter pod has three containers. When the container name is not specified, the command
      will default to the vrouter-agent container shell. Here is an example:</p>
    <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01]# kubectl exec -n contrail -it jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-fslcb -- bash
Defaulted container "contrail-vrouter-agent" out of: contrail-vrouter-agent, contrail-vrouter-telemetry-exporter, contrail-init (init)
[root@jcnr-01 /]# </codeblock>
    <p>At this point, you have connected to the vRouter's CLI.</p>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>