<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_1a8e069a06657f97--7cd600da-188de57988f--793b" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Access cRPD CLI</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Use the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-deployment-guide.crpd-customization-node-configlet">configlet resource</xref> to configure the cRPD pods.</p>
    <p>You can access the command-line interface (CLI) of the cloud-native router controller by
      accessing the shell of the running cRPD container to verify or troubleshooting the
      configuration.</p>
    <note>
      <p>The commands below are provided as an example. The cRPD pod name must be replaced from your
        environment. The command outputs may differ based on your environment.</p>
    </note>
    <p>View the running pods in the cluster:</p>
    <codeblock>kubectl get pods -A
NAMESPACE         NAME                                            READY   STATUS    RESTARTS        AGE
<b>contrail-deploy   contrail-k8s-deployer-5dff6d8b89-7pt9c          1/1     Running   0               138m
contrail          contrail-tools-p27js                            1/1     Running   0               138m
contrail          jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-fslcb          2/2     Running   0               138m
contrail          jcnr-0-dp-contrail-vrouter-nodes-vrdpdk-pw9w6   1/1     Running   0               138m
jcnr              jcnr-0-crpd-0                                   2/2     Running   0               135m
jcnr              syslog-ng-svzxg                                 1/1     Running   0               138m</b>
kube-system       calico-kube-controllers-7675746f76-bqbvc        1/1     Running   0               179d
kube-system       calico-node-pt7vb                               1/1     Running   0               540d
kube-system       coredns-59d6b54d97-2qms8                        1/1     Running   0               540d
kube-system       dns-autoscaler-7944dc7978-9t7zd                 1/1     Running   0               540d
kube-system       kube-apiserver-5d8s1-node1                      1/1     Running   0               483d
kube-system       kube-controller-manager-5d8s1-node1             1/1     Running   0               359d
kube-system       kube-multus-ds-amd64-hhhk9                      1/1     Running   0               126d
kube-system       kube-proxy-nfvrl                                1/1     Running   0               540d
kube-system       kube-scheduler-5d8s1-node1                      1/1     Running   0               359d
kube-system       kube-sriov-cni-ds-amd64-wcsfh                   1/1     Running   0               126d
kube-system       kube-sriov-device-plugin-amd64-b9qvp            1/1     Running   0               223d
kube-system       nodelocaldns-qzjq9                              1/1     Running   0               540d</codeblock>
    <p>Copy the name of the cRPD pod—<codeph>jcnr-0-crpd-0</codeph> in this example output . You
      will use the pod name to connect to the running container's shell.</p>
    <p><b>Connect to the cRPD CLI</b></p>
    <p>Issue the <codeph>kubectl exec</codeph> command to access the running container's shell:</p>
    <codeblock>kubectl exec -n &lt;namespace&gt; -it &lt;pod name&gt; --container &lt;container name&gt; -- bash</codeblock>
    <p>where <i>&lt;namespace&gt;</i> identifies the namespace in which the pod is running, <i>&lt;pod
        name&gt;</i> specificies the name of the pod and the <i>&lt;container name&gt;</i> specifies the
      name of the container (to be specified if the pod has more than one container).</p>
    <p>The cRPD pod has only one running container. Here is an example command:</p>
    <codeblock>Defaulted container "kube-crpd-worker" out of: kube-crpd-worker, jcnr-crpd-config (init), install-cni (init)

===&gt;
           Containerized Routing Protocols Daemon (CRPD)
 Copyright (C) 2020-2022, Juniper Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.
                                                                      &lt;===
root@jcnr-01:/#</codeblock>
    <p>At this point, you have connected to the shell of the cRPD. Just as with other Junos-based
      shells, you access the operational mode of the cloud-native router the same way as if you were
      connected to the console of a physical Junos OS device.</p>
    <codeblock>root@jcnr-01:/# cli
root@jcnr-cni&gt;</codeblock>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>