<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7c6d" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Use-Cases and Configuration Overview </title>
  <shortdesc>Read this chapter to review configuration examples for various Juniper Cloud-Native
    Router use cases when deployed in the container network interface (CNI) mode. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router can be deployed as a virtual switch or a transit router,
      either as a pure container network function (CNF) or as a container network interface (CNI).
      In the CNF mode, there are no application pods running on the node and the router only
      performs packeting switching or forwarding through various interfaces on the system. In the
      CNI mode, application pods using software-based network interfaces such as veth-pairs or DPDK
      vhost-user based interfaces, attach to the cloud-native router. This chapter provides
      configuration examples for attaching different workload interface types to the cloud-native
      router CNI instance. </p>
    <section id="section_d2r_vvc_yxb"><title>Configuration Example</title>The <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>CNI is deployed
      as a secondary CNI along with Multus as a primary CNI, to create different types of secondary
      interfaces for the application pod. Multus uses a network attachment definition (NAD) file to
      configure a secondary interface for the application pod. The NAD specifies how to create a
      secondary interface, IP address allocation, network instance and more. A pod can have one or
      more NADs, typically one per pod interface. The <codeph>config:</codeph> field in the NAD file
      defines the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>CNI configuration. Here is a generic format of the
      NAD:<codeblock>apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: &lt;vrf-name&gt;
spec:
  config: '{
    "cniVersion":"0.4.0",
    "name": "&lt;vrf-name&gt;",
    "plugins": [
      {
        "type": "jcnr",
        "args": {
           "key1":"value1",
           "key2","value2",
           ....		   
        },
		"ipam": {
          "type": "&lt;ipam-type&gt;",
		  ....
        },
		"kubeConfig":"/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf"
      }
    ]
  }'</codeblock>While
      configuring the NAD for the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>plugin type, the following keys are supported:<table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_g5l_jvw_wxb" rowsep="1">
        <title id="title_wgs_www_wxb">Supported Keys in NAD</title>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.13*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Key</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>instanceName</entry>
              <entry>The routing-instance name</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>instanceType</entry>
              <entry>One of:<p>virtual-router—for non-VPN-related applications</p><p>vrf—Layer 3 VPN
                  implementations</p><p>virtual-switch—Layer 2 implementations</p></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>interfaceType</entry>
              <entry>Either "veth" or "virtio"</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>vlanId</entry>
              <entry>A valid vlan id "1-4095"</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>bridgeVlanId</entry>
              <entry>A valid vlan id "1-4095"</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>vlanIdList</entry>
              <entry>A list of command separated vlan-id, e.g: "1, 5, 7, 10-20"</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>parentInterface</entry>
              <entry>Valid interface name as it should appear in the pod. Child/sub-interfaces have
                parentInterface as their prefix followed by "." If parentInterface is specified, sub
                interface must be explicitly specifiied.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>vrfTarget</entry>
              <entry>The route-target for vrf routing instance</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>bridgeDomain</entry>
              <entry>Bridge Domain under which pod interface should be attached in the
                virtual-switch instance.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>type (ipam)</entry>
              <entry>static—assigns same IP to all pods, to assign a unique IP per pod define a
                unique NAD per pod per interface<p>host-local—unique IP address per pod interface on
                  the same host. IP addresses are not unique across two different
                  nodes</p><p>whereabouts—unique IP address per pod across all nodes </p><p>(<xref format="html" href="https://github.com/k8snetworkplumbingwg/whereabouts" scope="external"/>)</p></entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>Consider the example NAD for a layer 2 kernel access mode
      interface:<codeblock>apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: vswitch-pod1-bd100
spec:
  config: '{
    "cniVersion":"0.4.0",
    "name": "vswitch-pod1-bd100",
    "plugins": [
      {
        "type": "jcnr",
        "args": {
          "instanceName": "vswitch",
          "instanceType": "virtual-switch",
	   "interfaceType": "veth",
          "bridgeDomain": "bd100",
          "bridgeVlanId": "100"
        },
        "ipam": {
          "type": "static",
          "addresses":[
            {
              "address":"99.61.0.2/16",
              "gateway":"99.61.0.1"
            },
            {
              "address":"1234::99.61.0.2/120",
              "gateway":"1234::99.61.0.1"
            }
          ]
        },
        "kubeConfig":"/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf"
      }
    ]
  }'</codeblock>The
      pod attaches to the router instance using the <codeph>k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks</codeph>
      annotation. For
      example:<codeblock>apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name:   pod1
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: vswitch-pod1-bd100
spec:
  affinity:
    nodeAffinity:
      requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
        nodeSelectorTerms:
          - matchExpressions:
            - key: kubernetes.io/hostname
              operator: In
              values:
                - kind-worker
  containers:
    - name: pod1
      image: ubuntu:latest
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
      securityContext:
        privileged: false
      env:
        - name: KUBERNETES_POD_UID
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
               fieldPath: metadata.uid
      volumeMounts:
        - name: dpdk
          mountPath: /dpdk
          subPathExpr: $(KUBERNETES_POD_UID)
  volumes:
    - name: dpdk
      hostPath:
        path: /var/run/jcnr/containers</codeblock>The
      volume mount host path exposes the UNIX domain socket of the vhost-user port to the DPDK
      application. The DPDK interface details are stored at
        <codeph>/dpdk/dpdk-interfaces.json</codeph> inside the application container for the DPDK
      application to consume. It is also exported into the pod as a pod annotation.<p>When you
        create a pod for use in the cloud-native router, the Kubernetes component known as
          <filepath>kubelet</filepath> calls the Multus CNI to set up pod networking and interfaces.
        Multus reads the annotations section of the <filepath>pod.yaml </filepath>file to refer the
        corresponding NAD. If a NAD points to <codeph>jcnr</codeph> as the CNI plug in, Multus calls
        the JCNR-CNI to set up the pod interface. JCNR-CNI creates the interface as specified in the
        NAD. JCNR-CNI then generates and pushes a configuration into cRPD.</p></section>
    <section id="section_erm_rvc_yxb">
      <title>Troubleshooting</title>
      <p>Pods main fail to come up for various reasons:</p>
      <ul id="ul_lqr_cwc_yxb">
        <li>
          <p>Image not found</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>CNI failed to add interfaces</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>CNI failed to push configuration into cRPD</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>CNI failed to invoke vRouter REST APIs</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>The NAD is invalid or undefined</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>The following commands will be useful to troubleshooting pod issues:</p>
      <codeblock> # Check the Pod status​
 kubectl get pods –A</codeblock>
      <codeblock> # Check pod state and CNI logs​
 kubectl describe pod &lt;pod-name&gt;</codeblock>
      <codeblock> # Check the pod logs​
 kubectl logs pod &lt;pod-name&gt;</codeblock>
      <codeblock> # Check the net-attach-def​
 kubectl get net-attach-def &lt;net-attach-def-name&gt; -o yaml</codeblock>
      <codeblock> # Check CNI logs​
 tail –f /var/log/jcnr/jcnr-cni.log</codeblock>
      <codeblock> # Check the cRPD config added by CNI​ (on the cRPD CLI)
 cli&gt; show configuration groups cni</codeblock>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>