<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7f74" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Deployment Modes</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to know about the various modes of deploying the cloud-native router. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>

    <section>
      <title>Deployment Modes</title>
      <!--JCNR3036; Rel23.2-->
      <p>Starting with Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.2, you can deploy and operate Juniper
        Cloud-Native Router in L2, L3 and L2-L3 modes, auto-derived based on the interface
        configuration in the <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> file prior to deployment. </p>
      <note>
        <p>In the <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> file:</p>
        <ul id="ul_y21_qzx_5xb">
          <li>
            <p>When all the interfaces have an <codeph>interface_mode</codeph> key configured, then
              the mode of deployment would be L2. </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>When one or more interfaces have an <codeph>interface_mode</codeph> key configured
              and some of the interfaces do not have the <codeph>interface_mode</codeph> key
              configured, then the mode of deployment would be L2-L3. </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>When none of the interfaces have the <codeph>interface_mode</codeph> key configured,
              then the mode of deployment would be L3.</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </note>
      <p>In L2 mode, the cloud-native router behaves like a switch and therefore does not performs
        any routing functions and it doesn not run any routing protocols. The pod network uses VLANs
        to direct traffic to various destinations.</p>
      <p>In L3 mode, the cloud-native router behaves like a router and therefore performs routing
        functions and runs routing protocols such as ISIS, BGP, OSPF, and segment routing-MPLS. In
        L3 mode, the pod network is divided into an IPv4 or IPv6 underlay network and an IPv4 or
        IPv6 overlay network. The underlay network is used for control plane traffic.</p>
      <p>The L2-L3 mode provides the functionality of both the switch and the router at the same
        time. It enables <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>to act as both a switch and a router simultaneously by performing
        switching in a set of interfaces and routing in the other set of interfaces. Cell site
        routers in a 5G deployment need to handle both L2 and L3 traffic. DHCP packets from radio
        outdoor unit (RU) is an example of L2 traffic and data packets moving from outdoor unit
        (ODU) to central unit (CU) is an example of L3 traffic.</p>
      <!--To deploy the cloud-native router in L2 mode, retain or modify the values in the file Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_release-number/helmchart/values.yaml. Review  for more information.
To deploy the cloud-native router in L3 mode, retain or modify the values in the file Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_release-number/helmchart/values_L3.yaml. Review  for more information.-->
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>