<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7f76" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Juniper Cloud-Native Router Overview</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic provides an overview of the Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) overview, use
    cases, and features.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <section id="section_n14_zwl_dpb"><title>Overview</title>While 5G unleashes higher bandwidth,
      lower latency and higher capacity, it also brings in new infrastructure challenges such as
      increased number of base stations or cell sites, more backhaul links with larger capacity and
      more cell site routers and aggregation routers. Service providers are integrating cloud-native
      infrastructure in distributed RAN (D-RAN) topologies, which are usually small, leased spaces,
      with limited power, space and cooling. The disaggregation of radio access network (RAN) and
      the expansion of 5G data centers into cloud hyperscalers has added newer requirements for
      cloud-native routing.<p>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router provides the service providers the
        flexibility to roll out the expansion requirements for 5G rollouts, reducing both the CapEx
        and OpEx. </p><p>Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) is a containerized router that combines
        Juniper's proven routing technology with the <xref format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/us/en/products/routers/containerized-routing-protocol-daemon-crpd.html" scope="external">Junos containerized routing protocol daemon (cRPD)</xref>
        as the controller and a high-performance Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) or extended
        Berkley Packet Filter (eBPF) eXpress Data Path (XDP) datapath based vRouter forwarding
        plane. It is implemented in Kubernetes and interacts seemlessly with a Kubernetes container
        network interface (CNI) framework. </p></section>
    <section id="section_y5w_52g_qxb">
      <title>Use Cases</title>
      <p>The Cloud-Native Router has the following use cases:</p>
      <ul id="ul_csw_x2g_qxb">
        <li>
          <p><b>Radio Access Network (RAN)</b></p>
          <p>The new 5G-only sites are a mix of centralized RAN (C-RAN) and distributed RAN (D-RAN).
            The C-RAN sites are typically large sites owned by the carrier and continue to deploy
            physical routers. The D-RAN sites, on the other hand, are tens of thousands of smaller
            sites, closer to the users. Optimization of CapEx and OpEx is a huge factor for the
            large number of D-RAN sites. These sites are also typically leased, with limited space,
            power and cooling capacities. There is limited connectivity over leased lines for
            transit back to the mobile core. Juniper Cloud-Native Router is designed to work in the
            constraints of a D-RAN. It is integrated with the distributed unit (DU) and installable
            on an existing 1 U server. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Telco virtual private cloud (VPC)</b></p>
          <p>The 5G data centers are expanding into cloud hyperscalers to support more radio sites.
            The cloud-native routing available in public cloud environments do not support the
            routing demands of telco VPCs, such as MPLS, quality of service (QoS), L3 VPN, and more.
            The Juniper Cloud-Native Router integrates directly into the cloud as a containerized
            network function (CNF), managed as a cloud-native Kubernetes component, while providing
            advanced routing capabilities. </p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_r3z_xnc_pxb">
      <title>Architecture and Key Components</title>
      <p>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router consists of the <xref format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/us/en/products/routers/containerized-routing-protocol-daemon-crpd.html" scope="external">Junos containerized routing protocol Daemon (cRPD)</xref> as the control
        plane
        (<?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native
        Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Controller), providing topology discovery, route advertisement and
        forwarding information base (FIB) programming, as well as dynamic underlays and overlays. It
        uses the Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) or eBPF XDP datapath enabled vRouter as a
        forwarding plane, providing packet forwarding for applications in a pod and host path I/O
        for protocol sessions. The third component is the
        <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native
        Router <?oxy_insert_end?>container network interface (CNI) that interacts with Kubernetes as
        a secondary CNI to create pod interfaces, assign addresses and generate the router
        configuration. The CNI also provides networking for virtual machines created using
        KuberVirt. </p>
      <p>The Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) is an open source set of libraries and drivers. DPDK
        enables fast packet processing by allowing network interface cards (NICs) to send direct
        memory access (DMA) packets directly into an application’s address space. The applications
        poll for packets, to avoid the overhead of interrupts from the NIC. Integrating with DPDK
        allows a vRouter to process more packets per second than is possible when the vRouter runs
        as a kernel module.</p>
      <p>The extended Berkley Packet Filter (eBPF) is a Linux kernel technology that executes
        user-defined programs inside a sandbox virtual machine. It enables low-level networking
        programs to execute with optimal performance. The eXpress Data Path (XDP) frameworks enables
        high-speed packet processing for the eBPF programs. <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports eBPF XDP datapath based
        vRouter. </p>
      <p>In this integrated solution, the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Controller uses gRPC, a high performance Remote
        Procedure Call, based services to exchange messages and to communicate with the vRouter,
        thus creating the fully functional Cloud-Native Router. This close communication allows you
        to:</p>
      <ul id="ul_afy_kfb_2qb">
        <li>
          <p>Learn about fabric and workload interfaces.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Provision DPDK or kernel-based interfaces for Kubernetes pods as needed.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Configure IPv4 and IPv6 address allocation for pods.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Run routing protocols such as ISIS, BGP, and OSPF and much more.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_trf_2jy_bsb">
      <title>Features<?oxy_insert_start author="tkaur" timestamp="20230810T170915+0100"?><!--tkaur: updated for 23.3--><?oxy_insert_end?></title>
      <ul id="ul_urf_2jy_bsb">
        <li>
          <p>Easy deployment, removal, and upgrade on general purpose compute devices using
            Helm.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Higher packet forwarding performance with DPDK-based JCNR-vRouter.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Full routing, switching, and forwarding stacks in software.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Out-of-the-box software-based open radio access network (O-RAN) support.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Quick spin up with containerized deployment.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Highly scalable solution.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Deployable in Container Network Function (CNF) or Container Network Interface (CNI)
            modes.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>CNI support for pods and KuberVirt-based VMs.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>L3 features such as transit gateway, support for routing protocols, BFD, VRRP,
            VRF-Lite, EVPN Type-5, ECMP and BGP Unnumbered, access control lists, SRv6.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>L2 functionality, such as MAC learning, MAC aging, MAC limiting, native VLAN, L2
            statistics, and access control lists (ACLs).</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>L2 reachability to Radio Units (RU) for management traffic.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>L2 or L3 reachability to physical distributed units (DU) such as 5G millimeter wave DUs
            or 4G DUs.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>VLAN tagging and bridge domains.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Trunk and access ports.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Support for multiple virtual functions (VF) on Ethernet NICs.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Support for bonded VF interfaces.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Rate limiting of egress broadcast, unknown unicast, and multicast traffic on fabric
            interfaces.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>IPv4 and IPv6 routing.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>