<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7f73" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Access Control Lists (Firewall Filters)</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to learn about Layer 2 access control lists (Firewall filters) in the
    cloud-native router.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>

    <section id="section_vyp_nk1_mxb">
      <title id="title_gbj_pj1_mxb">Access Control Lists (Firewall Filters)</title>
      <p>Starting with Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 22.2 we've included a limited firewall
        filter capability. You can configure the filters using the Junos OS CLI within the
        cloud-native router controller, using NETCONF, or the cloud-native router APIs. Starting
        with Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.2, you can also configure firewall filters using
        node annotations and custom configuration template at the time of <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>deployment. Please
        review the deployment guide for more details.</p>
      <p>During deployment, the system defines and applies firewall filters to block traffic from
        passing directly between the router interfaces. You can dynamically define and apply more
        filters. Use the firewall filters to:</p>
      <ul id="ul_en5_gzg_q5b">
        <li>
          <p>Define firewall filters for bridge family traffic.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Define filters based on one or more of the following fields: source MAC address,
            destination MAC address, or EtherType.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Define multiple terms within each filter.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Discard the traffic that matches the filter.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Apply filters to bridge domains.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="section_u3k_qj1_mxb"><title>Configuration Example</title><p>Below you can see an
        example of a firewall filter configuration from a cloud-native router
        deployment:</p><codeblock>root@jcnr01&gt; show configuration firewall
firewall {
    family {
        bridge {
            filter example {
                term t1 {
                    from {
                        destination-mac-address 10:10:10:10:10:11;
                        source-mac-address 10:10:10:10:10:10;
                        ether-type arp;
                    }
                    then {
                        discard;
                    }
                }
            }
       }  
    }
}</codeblock><note>You
        can configure up to 16 terms in a single firewall filter. The only <i>then</i> action you
        can configure in a firewall filter is the <codeph>discard</codeph> action.</note>After
      configuration, you must apply your firewall filters to a bridge domain using the <codeph>set
        routing-instances vswitch bridge-domains <varname>bd3001</varname> forwarding-options filter
        input <varname>filter1</varname></codeph> configuration command. Then you must commit the
      configuration for the firewall filter to take effect. <p>To see how many packets matched the
        filter (per VLAN), you can issue the <codeph>show firewall filter
          <varname>filter1</varname></codeph> command on the controller CLI. For
        example:</p><codeblock>show firewall filter <varname>filter1</varname>
 Filter : filter1    vlan-id : 3001
 Term                  Packet
  t1                   0</codeblock><p>In
        the preceding example, we applied the filter to the bridge domain <codeph>bd3001</codeph>.
        The filter has not yet matched any packets.</p></section>
    <section id="section_lww_ck1_mxb">
      <title>Troubleshooting</title>
      <p>The following table lists some of the potential problems that you might face when you
        implement firewall rules or ACLs in the cloud-native router. You run most of these commands
        on the host server.</p>
      <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="table_yfq_5z2_55b" rowsep="1">
        <title>L2 Firewall Filter or ACL Troubleshooting</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Problem</entry>
              <entry>Possible Causes and Resolution</entry>
              <entry>Command </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry morerows="1">Firewall filters or ACLs not working</entry>
              <entry>gRPC connection (port 50052) to the vRouter is down. Check the gRPC
                connection.</entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock>netstat -antp|grep 50052</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>The <codeph>ui-pubd</codeph> process is not running. Check whether
                  <codeph>ui-pubd</codeph> is running.</entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock>ps aux|grep ui-pubd</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry morerows="2">Firewall filter or ACL show commands not working</entry>
              <entry>The gRPC connection (port 50052) to the vRouter is down. Check the gRPC
                connection.</entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock>netstat -antp|grep 50052</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry morerows="1">The firewall service is not running.</entry>
              <entry>
                <codeblock>ps aux|grep firewall</codeblock>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><codeblock>show log filter.log</codeblock>You must run this command in the
                JCNR-controller (cRPD) CLI.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>