<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7e99" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>APIs and CLI Commands for Bond Interfaces</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to learn about the APIs and CLIs available in the L2 mode of the
    Juniper Cloud-Native Router. <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports an API that can be used to force traffic to switch
    from the active interface to the standby interface in a bonded pair. Another <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>API and a CLI
    can be used to view the active node details in a bond interface.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <section id="section_ngk_bdh_kyb">
      <title>APIs for Bond Interfaces</title>
      <p>When you run cloud-native router in L2 mode with cascaded nodes, you can configure those
        nodes to use bond interfaces. You can configure the bond mode in the
          <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> file before deployment. For example:</p>
      <codeblock>bondInterfaceConfigs:
    - name: "bond0"
      mode: 1             # ACTIVE_BACKUP MODE
      slaveInterfaces:
      - "enp59s0f0v0"
      - "enp59s0f0v1"</codeblock>
      <subsection id="subsection_u55_nfh_kyb">
        <title>API to View the Active and Backup Interfaces in a Bond Interface Pair</title>
        <p>Starting with <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Release 23.3, use the REST API call: <codeph>curl -X GET
            http://127.0.0.1:9091/bond-get-active/bond0</codeph> on localhost port 9091 to fetch the
          active and backup interface details of a bond interface pair.</p>
        <p>A sample output is shown below:</p>
        <codeblock>root@nodep23:~# curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9091/bond-get-active/bond0
{"active": "0000:af:01.0", "backup": "0000:af:01.1"}</codeblock>
      </subsection>
      <subsection id="subsection_yvd_pfh_kyb">
        <title>API to Force Bond Link Switchover</title>
        <p>Starting with <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Release 22.4, you can force traffic switchover from an active to
          backup interface in a bond interface pair using a REST API. If you have configured the
          bond interface pair in the <codeph>ACTIVE_BACKUP</codeph> mode before deploying JCNR, then
          the vRouter-agent exposes the REST API call: <codeph>curl -X POST
            http://127.0.0.1:9091/bond-switch/bond0</codeph> on localhost port 9091. Use this REST
          API call to force traffic to switch from the active interface to the backup interface. </p>
        <p>A sample output is shown below:</p>
        <codeblock>root@nodep23:~# curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9091/bond-get-active/bond0
{"active": "0000:af:01.0", "backup": "0000:af:01.1"}
root@nodep23:~# curl -X POST http://127.0.0.1:9091/bond-switch/bond0
{}
root@nodep23:~# curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9091/bond-get-active/bond0
{"active": "0000:af:01.1", "backup": "0000:af:01.0"}</codeblock>
      </subsection>
    </section>
    <section id="section_dql_psp_wxb">
      <title>CLI Commands for Bond Interfaces</title>
      <p>The vRouter contains the following CLI commands which are related to bond interfaces:</p>
      <ul id="ul_hj5_ghh_kyb">
        <li>
          <p><codeph>dpdkinfo -b</codeph>—displays the active interface in a bonded pair.</p>
          <codeblock>[[root@jcnr-01 /]# dpdkinfo -b
No. of bond slaves: 2
Bonding Mode: Active Backup
Transmit Hash Policy: Layer 2 (Ethernet MAC)
MII status: UP
MII Link Speed: 10000 Mbps
Up Delay (ms): 0
Down Delay (ms): 0
Driver: net_bonding

Slave Interface(0): 0000:17:01.0
Slave Interface Driver: net_iavf
Slave Interface (0): Active
Slave Interface Mac : 6E: BD: 45:0F: 4A:02

MII status: UP
MII Link Speed: 10000 Mbps

Slave Interface (1): 0000:17:11.0
Slave Interface Driver: net_iavf
Slave Interface Mac      6E: BD: 45:0F: 4A: C2

MII status: UP
MII Link Speed: 25000 Mbps</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><codeph>dpdkinfo -n</codeph>—displays the traffic statistics associated with your bond
            interfaces.</p>
          <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01 /]# dpdkinfo -n2
Master Info (eth_bond_bond0):
RX Device Packets: 72019, Bytes: 96419113, Errors:0, Nombufs:0
Dropped RX Packets: 37475
TX Device Packets:0, Bytes:0, Errors:0
Queue Rx:
Tx:
Rx Bytes:
Tx Bytes:
Errors:

Slave Info (0000:17:01.0):
Rx Device Packets: 72019, Bytes:66073908, Errors:0, Nombufs:0
Dropped RX Packets: 588
TX Device Packets:0, Bytes:0, Errors:0
Queue Rx:
Tx:
Rx Bytes:
Tx Bytes:
Errors:

Slave Info (0000:17:11.0):
RX Device Packets:0, Bytes:30345205, Errors:0, Nombufs:0
Dropped R Packets:36887
TX Device Packets:0, Bytes:0, Errors:0
Queue Rx:
Tx:
Rx Bytes:
Tx Bytes:
Errors:</codeblock>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>