<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7e9b" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Storm Control</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to understand how the broadcast rate limiting feature is implemented by
    the cloud-native router when deployed in L2 mode.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>The storm control or rate limiting feature controls the rate of egress broadcast, unknown
      unicast, and multicast (BUM) traffic on fabric interfaces.</p>

    <section><title>Configuration Example</title>
      <p> You specify the rate limit in bytes per second by adjusting
          <filepath>stormControlProfiles</filepath> in the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file
        before deployment. </p>
      <codeblock> # rate limit profiles for bum traffic on fabric interfaces in bytes per second
  stormControlProfiles:
    rate_limit_pf1:
      bandwidth:
        level: 0</codeblock>
      <p>Once a profile is created, it can be assigned to the interface via the
          <codeph>storm-control-profile</codeph> interface attribute. For example:</p>
      <codeblock>- eth1:
      ddp: on
      interface_mode: trunk
      vlan-id-list: [100, 200, 300, 700-705]
      <b>storm-control-profile: rate_limit_pf1
</b>      native-vlan-id: 100
      no-local-switching: true</codeblock>
      <p>The system applies the configured profiles to all specified fabric interfaces in the
        cloud-native router. The maximum per-interface rate limit value you can set is 1,000,000
        bytes per second.</p>
      <p>If the unknown unicast, broadcast, or multicast traffic rate exceeds the set limit on a
        specified fabric interface, the vRouter drops the traffic. You can see the drop counter
        values by running the <codeph>dropstats</codeph> command in the vRouter CLI. You can see the
        per-interface rate limit drop counters by running the vRouter CLI command <codeph>vif --get
            <varname>fabric_vif_id</varname> --get-drop-stats</codeph>. For example:</p>
      <codeblock>dropstats
L2 untag pkt drop             8832
L2 Src Mac lookup fail        880<b>
Rate limit exceeded 29312474</b></codeblock>
      <p>When you configure a rate limit profile on a fabric interface, you can see the configured
        limit in bytes per second when you run either <codeph>vif --list</codeph> or <codeph>vif
          --get <varname>fabric_vif_id</varname>.</codeph></p>
      <codeblock>vif0/2         PCI: 0000: af: 01.1 (Speed 10000, Duplex 1)
               Type: Physical HWaddr: 76:5d: f5: f5: c1:7a
               Vrf:0 Flags: L2Vof QOS:-1 Ref: 8 BUM Rate Limit: 1000000
               RX port    packets:1 errors:0
               RX queue packets:1 errors:0
               RX queue errors to lore 000000000000
               Driver: net_iavf 
               Fabric Interface: 0000:af:01.1 Status: UP
               Vlan Mode: Trunk Vlan: 300 500 600
               RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:1                      						        
               TX packets:0 bytes:0 errors:0
               Drops: 1</codeblock>
      <note>
        <ul id="ul_egd_4ct_qxb">
          <li>
            <p>The rate limit is only configurable on physical interfaces and only during
              deployment.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>The existing global rate limit configuration <i>fabricBMCastRateLimit</i> is
              deprecated from release 22.4. </p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </note></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>