<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7ddb" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Enabling Dynamic Device Personalization (DDP) on Individual Interfaces</title>
  <shortdesc>Dynamic Device Personalization (DDP) is a technology that enables programmable packet
    processing pipeline provided by Intel as a profile to their NICs. <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports enabling Dynamic
    Device Personalization (DDP) on individual interfaces.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Starting with Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) Release 23.2, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports enabling Dynamic
      Device Personalization (DDP) on individual interfaces. This feature is available on <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>in
      L2, L3, and L2-L3 modes.</p>
    <p>Dynamic Device Personalization (DDP) is a technology that enables programmable packet
      processing pipeline provided by Intel as a profile to their NICs. Multiple Intel NICs support
      this technology. The support varies based on the Intel NIC type. DDP is used in packet
      classification where the profiles applied to the NIC can classify multiple packet formats on
      the NIC enabling speeds and feeds to the Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK).</p>
    <p>Juniper cloud native router (JCNR) provides routing and switching functionality. <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports interfaces from different NIC cards. Some of the Intel NICs support DDP and some of
      them don’t support DDP. Therefore, in a deployment scenario, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>might have one interface
      from one NIC that supports DDP and another interface from a different NIC that does not
      support DDP. <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports enabling DDP per interface to overcome such issues.</p>
    <note>
      <p>For E810 PF, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>loads the DDP package which is bundled with JCNR. However, for other
        NICs, ensure you load the DDP package on the NICs before starting JCNR. </p>
    </note>
    <p>A DDP configuration is available per interface. This configuration option overrides global
      DDP (<codeph>ddp</codeph>) configuration for that interface. If you do not configure an
      interface DDP, then the global configuration value serves as the value for that interface. If
      you do not configure the global DDP configuration, then the default value for the global
      configuration which is <codeph>off</codeph> takes effect.</p>
    <note>
      <p>DDP is supported on the following NICs:</p>
      <ul id="ul_ufc_qtn_kyb">
        <li>
          <p>E810 VF</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>E810 PF</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>X710 PF</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>XXV710 PF</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>DDP support is not available when interfaces are defined under subnets.</p>
    </note>
    <p>You should configure DDP in the helm chart before deployment. Configuring the DDP
      configurations in the helm charts for both global and at interface levels is optional. If you
      do not configure the DDP keys, then the default value for global DDP which is
        <codeph>off</codeph> takes effect.</p>
    <p>The global DDP configuration is available in the <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> file as shown
      below:</p>
    <codeblock>  # Set ddp to enable Dynamic Device Personalization (DDP)
  # Provides datapath optimization at NIC for traffic like GTPU, SCTP etc.
  # Options include auto or on or off; default: off
  ddp: "auto" 
</codeblock>
    <p>You can configure one of the following options for <codeph>ddp</codeph> at the interface
      level:</p>
    <ol id="ol_zx1_hyg_kxb">
      <li>
        <p>Auto—when set to auto, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>checks if the NIC supports DDP or not during deployment and
          configures DPDK accordingly. Detecting whether a NIC supports DDP at run time makes is
          easier to deploy <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>in volumes.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>On—option enables DDP on the interface without validating the NIC. Use this option only
          if you are sure that the NIC supports DDP.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>Off—is the default option at the interface level. This option disables DDP on the
          interface.</p>
      </li>
    </ol>
    <p>For example,</p>
    <codeblock>
–    eth1:
        ddp: "off" ## auto or on or off
</codeblock>
    <note>
      <p>Each interface can have a different configuration for <codeph>ddp</codeph>. DDP is enabled
        for a bond interface only if all the slave interface NICs support DDP.</p>
    </note>
  </conbody>
</concept>