<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7e8d" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Prevent Local Switching</title>
  <!--23.1 feature; JIRA 1776-->
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Starting in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.1, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>provides support to prevent
      interfaces in a bridge domain that are a part of the same VLAN group, from transmitting
      ethernet frame copies in between those interfaces. The <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath>
      key provides the option to enable the functionality on the selected VLAN IDs.
      <!--Additional content that can be considered: <p>In a virtual private LAN service (VPLS) routing instance or bridge domain, when a frame is received from a customer edge (CE) interface, it is flooded to the other CE interfaces and all of the VPLS edge (VE) interfaces if the destination MAC address is not learned or if the frame is either broadcast or multicast. If the destination MAC address is learned on another CE device, such a frame is unicasted to the CE interface on which the MAC address is learned. This might not be desirable if the service provider does not want CE devices to communicate with each other directly.</p>
<p>To prevent interfaces in a bridge domain from receiving ethernet frame copies, the <filepath>noLocalSwitching:</filepath> key can be configured on individual trunk interfaces in a bridge domain to restrict traffic. By doing so, all the access interfaces in the bridge domain are enabled for <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath> by default. If <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath> is configured for a bridge domain, then frames will not be transmitted from the interfaces which are enabled for <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath>.</p>--></p>
    <p>To prevent interfaces in a bridge domain from transmitting and receiving ethernet frame
      copies, enable the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> key and assign a VLAN ID to it to
      ensure that the interfaces belonging to the VLAN ID do not transmit frames to one another.
      Note that the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> functionality is enabled only on the
      access interfaces. To enable <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> on a trunk interface that
      is a part of the same VLAN ID, you have to separately enable the trunk interface by setting
      the <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath> key in the trunk interface to
        <filepath>true</filepath>. Use the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> functionality when
      you want to block interfaces that are a part of a VLAN group to stop transmitting traffic
      directly to one another.</p>
    <note> For all the trunk interfaces and access interfaces, the cloud-native router isolates
      traffic for the bridge domains configured with <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath>.</note>
    <section id="section_ljs_3zh_mxb">
      <title>Configuration Example</title>
      <p>To prevent local switching, perform the steps below prior to the deploy time:</p>
      <ol id="ol_dv3_bsq_wwb">
        <li>
          <p>Edit the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file in
                <filepath>Juniper_Cloud_Native_Router_<varname>&lt;release-number&gt;</varname>/helmchart</filepath>
            directory.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Enable the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> key and provide the VLAN IDs.</p>
          <codeblock> <b>noLocalSwitching: [700]</b></codeblock>
          <note>
            <ol id="ol_itf_kzh_mxb">
              <li>
                <p>The value for the <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> key can be an indivdual
                  VLAN ID, or multipe comma-separated VLAN ID values, or a VLAN ID range, or a
                  combination of comma-separated VLAN ID values and a VLAN ID range. For example,
                    <filepath>noLocalSwitching: [700, 701, 705-710]</filepath>.</p>
              </li>
              <li>
                <p>With this step the feature is enabled for all access interfaces having the
                  specified VLAN ID. You can skip the next step if you do not want to enable the
                  feature on the trunk interface.</p>
              </li>
            </ol>
          </note>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>To enable the feature on a trunk interface, add the key
              <filepath>no-local-switching</filepath> and set it to <filepath>true</filepath> under
            the trunk interface configuration.</p>. For
          example:<codeblock>fabricInterface:
  - bond0:
      ddp: on
      interface_mode: trunk
      vlan-id-list: [100, 200, 300, 700-705]
      storm-control-profile: rate_limit_pf1
      #native-vlan-id: 100
      <b>no-local-switching: true</b></codeblock></li>
        <li>
          <p>Install or upgrade <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>using the <filepath>values.yaml</filepath>.</p>
        </li>
      </ol>
      <p><b>Verify Configuration</b></p>
      <p>To verify the configuration, you can use the <codeph>purel2cli</codeph> utility available
        on the vRouter. View the <xref href="accessing-vrouter-cli.dita"/> topic to
        access the vRouter shell. You can run the <codeph>purel2cli</codeph> commands from the
        vRouter CLI. For example:</p>
      <ol>
        <li>Run the command <codeph>purel2cli --nolocal show</codeph> to know all the interfaces
          that are enabled for <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath> functionality on all the VLANs.
          A sample output is shown
          below:<codeblock>[root@jcnr-01 /]# purel2cli --nolocal show​
============================​
vlan    no_local_switch_list​
============================​
100     1, 2, 4,​
200​
300​
700​
701​
702​
703​</codeblock></li>
        <li>Run the command <codeph>purel2cli --nolocal get <varname>&lt;VLAN
            ID&gt;</varname></codeph> to check if <filepath>noLocalSwitching</filepath>
          functionality is enabled on a specific VLAN ID. A sample output is shown
          below:<codeblock>[root@jcnr-01 /]# purel2cli --nolocal get 100​
============================​
vlan    no_local_switch_list​
============================​
100     1, 2, 4,​</codeblock></li>
      </ol>
    </section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>