<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_1a8e069a06657f97--7cd600da-188de57988f--7bb2" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Layer-2 VLAN Sub-Interfaces</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>VLAN sub-interfaces are like logical interfaces on a physical switch or router. They access
      only tagged packets that match the configured VLAN tag. A sub-interface has a parent
      interface. A parent interface can have multiple sub-interfaces, each with a VLAN ID. When you
      run the cloud-native router, you must associate each sub-interface with a specific VLAN.
      Starting in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 23.2, the cloud-native router supports the use
      of VLAN sub-interfaces in L3 mode along with the previously supported L2 mode.</p>

    <section><title>Configuration Example</title>
      <p>The VLAN sub-interfaces are configured using the Netowrk Attachment Definition (NAD) and
        pod YAML manifests. Please see the <xref href="config-examples-overview.dita"/>
        and relevant configuration examples for more information.</p>
      <p>The <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>controller interface configuration viewed using the <codeph>show
          configuration</codeph> command is as shown below (the output is trimmed for brevity).</p>
      <p>For L2 mode:</p>
      <codeblock>routing-instances {
    switch {
         instance-type virtual-switch;
         bridge-domains {                                                                                                                                       
             bd100 {
                 vlan-id 100;
                 interface vhostnet1-1e555ee1-7d93-40.100;
             }
         }
     }
}</codeblock>
      <p>On the vRouter, a VLAN sub-interface configuration is as shown below:</p>
      <p>For L2 mode:</p>
      <codeblock>vif0/5      <b>Virtual: vhostnet1-71cd7db1-1a5e-49.100</b> Vlan(o/i)(,S): 3003/3003 <b>Parent:vif0/4</b>
            Type:Virtual(Vlan) HWaddr:00:99:99:99:33:09
            <b>Vrf:0 Flags:L2</b> QOS:-1 Ref:3
            RX queue errors to lcore 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
            RX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            TX packets:0  bytes:0 errors:0
            Drops:0</codeblock></section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>