<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_ef094a73502120b8--51ca2f83-1889e4c7645--7c3b" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>ECMP</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to know about the support for ECMP with flow stickiness in the Juniper
    Cloud-Native Router.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Equal-cost multipath (ECMP) is a network routing strategy that allows for traffic of the same
      session, or flow—that is, traffic with the same source and destination—to be transmitted
      across multiple paths of equal cost. It is a mechanism that allows you to load balance traffic
      and increase bandwidth by fully utilizing otherwise unused bandwidth on links to the same
      destination.</p>
    <p>When forwarding a packet, the routing technology must decide which next-hop path to use. In
      making a determination, the device takes into account the packet header fields that identify a
      flow. When ECMP is used, next-hop paths of equal cost are identified based on routing metric
      calculations and hash algorithms. That is, routes of equal cost have the same preference and
      metric values, and the same cost to the network. The ECMP process identifies a set of routers,
      each of which is a legitimate equal cost next hop towards the destination. The routes that are
      identified are referred to as an ECMP set. Because it addresses only the next hop destination,
      ECMP can be used with most routing protocols.</p>
    <p>An equal-cost multipath (ECMP) set is formed when the routing table contains multiple
      next-hop addresses for the same destination with equal cost. (Routes of equal cost have the
      same preference and metric values.) If there is an ECMP set for the active route, the
      Cloud-Native Router uses a consistent hash to choose <i>one</i> of the next-hop addresses from
      the ECMP members to forward the packet.</p>
    <p>The cloud-native router supports ECMP for both Container Network Interface (CNI) and transit
      router modes. <!--R23.3-->It supports flow stickiness when the number of next-hops is changed.
      <!--R23.4 JCNR3906-->The cloud-native router also supports ECMP next-hop for tunneled
      traffic.</p>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>