<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_365a4d48bf5a7276--1cb4a940-1885d3c0a4b--7e44" xml:lang="en-US">
  <!--JCNR-288; Release 23.2-->
  <title><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>as a Transit Gateway</title>
  <abstract>
    <shortdesc><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>can act as a transit gateway for external traffic. As a transit gateway, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>is
      neither the source nor the destination for the traffic, but an intermediate hop. It acts as a
      vanilla router to switch traffic between multiple physical interfaces.</shortdesc>
  </abstract>
  <prolog>
    <author>dgv</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Starting with Juniper Cloud-Native Router (JCNR) Release 23.2, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>can now act as a transit
      gateway for external traffic. As a transit gateway, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>is neither the source nor the
      destination for the traffic, but an intermediate hop. It acts as a vanilla router to switch
      traffic between multiple physical interfaces. Depending on the forwarding state, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>can
      encapsulate or decapsulate the traffic between interfaces.</p>
    <note>
      <p>Starting with <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>Release 23.2, <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports multiple fabric interfaces that enable it to
        function as a transit gateway. </p>
    </note>
    <p><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>has to be deployed in the L3 mode to perform the transit router functionality. Add all
      physical interfaces (physical and virtual functions) as fabric interfaces in the helm chart
      before deploying the JCNR. The deployed <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>does not support editing or changing the fabric
      interfaces during run time. However, you can create or remove pod interfaces during run time.
      Here are example helm chart configurations:</p>
    <codeblock>fabricInterface:
  - ens2f2:
      ddp: "auto"
  - ens1f1:
      ddp: "auto"</codeblock>
    <codeblock> fabricInterface:
    - subnet: 10.0.3.0/24
      gateway: 10.0.3.1
      ddp: "off"
    - subnet: 10.0.5.0/24
      gateway: 10.0.5.1
      ddp: "off"</codeblock>
    <p>You need to configure an IP address on the loopback interface and use it as a tunnel endpoint
      for each <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>instance. The loopback IP address is the next hop address which BGP advertises
      to its peers. All data packets with encapsulations like MPLSoUDP will have the outer IP
      address as this loopback IP address. The loopback IP address is reachable via any of the
      physical interfaces. The loopback IP address should be in a /32 subnet without a MAC address.
      For example:</p>
    <codeblock>set interfaces lo1 unit 1 family inet address 10.0.0.1/32</codeblock>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>