<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7de4" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>MPLS Support</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router contains support for MPLS routing protocols. You use the
      JCNR-controller, or cRPD, to configure MPLS using the node annotations at the time of
      deployment or via the <xref href="accessing-crpd-cli.dita">cRPD
        CLI</xref>. </p>
    <p>The cRPD then sends the configuration to the vRouter-agent, using gRPC. The vRouter-agent
      then converts the configuration to network policies that it imlements in the vRouter. The
      cloud-native router supports the following MPLS-based routing protocols:</p>
    <section id="section_hdv_cc2_5yb">
      <title>MPLS Support</title>
      <ul id="ul_omg_4nr_mwb">
        <li>
          <p><b>L3 MPLS VPN (MPLS)</b>—L3 MPLS VPNs are also known as BGP/MPLS VPNs because BGP is
            used to distribute VPN routing information across the provider’s backbone, and MPLS is
            used to forward VPN traffic across the backbone to remote VPN sites. The cloud-native
            router can particpate as a sending, receiving or transit router using the MPLS protocol.
            Review the <xref href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/vpn-l3/index.html" format="html" scope="external">L3 VPN User Guide</xref> for more information. </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Segment Routing-MPLS (SR-MPLS)</b>—Review the <xref href="segment-routing.dita"/> topic for more detail.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>MPLS over UDP (MPLSoUDP)</b>—MPLSoUDP is an overlay technology that encapsulates
            MPLS packets within UDP packets to traverse through some networks that do not support
            native MPLS or SR-MPLS. The cloud-native router can participate as a sending, receiving
            or transit router using MPLSoUDP. Review the <xref href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/vpn-l3/topics/topic-map/l3-vpns-nh-tunnels.html#id-example-configuring-nexthopbased-mplsoverudp-dynamic-tunnels" format="html" scope="external">Configuring Next-Hop-Based MPLSoUDP Tunnels</xref>
            topic for a configuration example. Both IPv4 and IPv6 tunnels are supported.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><b>Label Distribution Protocol (LDP)</b>—The Label Distribution Protocol (LDP) is a
            protocol for distributing labels in non-traffic-engineered applications. LDP allows
            routers to establish label-switched paths (LSPs) through a network by mapping
            network-layer routing information directly to data link layer-switched paths. The
            cloud-native router can participate as a sending, receiving or transit router using LDP.
            Review the <xref href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/mpls/topics/topic-map/ldp-overview.html" format="html" scope="external">LDP Overview</xref> topic for more information.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>