<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_5ed560f11770d39a-52461e55-1888fa26dec--7d24" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>L3 Routing Protocols</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to know about the L3 routing protocols that are supported by the
    Juniper Cloud Native Router, including BGP, IS-IS, and OSPF. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <note id="note_ppv_pwn_sbc">
      <p>Use the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-deployment-guide.crpd-customization-node-configlet">configlet
          resource</xref> to configure the cRPD pods.</p>
    </note>
    <section id="section_msy_wxq_ryb"><title>BGP</title>BGP is an exterior gateway protocol (EGP)
      that is used to exchange routing information among routers in different autonomous systems
      (ASs). BGP routing information includes the complete route to each destination. BGP uses the
      routing information to maintain a database of network reachability information, which it
      exchanges with other BGP systems. BGP uses the network reachability information to construct a
      graph of AS connectivity, which enables BGP to remove routing loops and enforce policy
      decisions at the AS level. The cloud-native router supports BGP version 4. Here is an example
      to configure BGP protocol on the cloud-native
      router:<codeblock>set protocols bgp group CNI type internal
set protocols bgp group CNI local-address 10.0.0.1
set protocols bgp group CNI family inet-vpn unicast
set protocols bgp group CNI family inet6-vpn unicast
set protocols bgp group CNI neighbor 10.0.1.1 peer-as 64512
set protocols bgp group CNI neighbor 10.0.1.1 local-as 64512
set routing-options route-distinguisher-id 10.0.0.1</codeblock>You can issue the <codeph>show
        bgp summary</codeph> command on the cRPD shell to view the BGP summary information for all
      routing instances. For example:<codeblock><b>user@host&gt; show bgp summary </b>
Threading mode: BGP I/O
Default eBGP mode: advertise - accept, receive - accept
Groups: 1 Peers: 1 Down peers: 0
Table          Tot Paths  Act Paths Suppressed    History Damp State    Pending
bgp.l3vpn.0          
                       2          2          0          0          0          0
bgp.l3vpn-inet6.0    
                       2          2          0          0          0          0
Peer                     AS      InPkt     OutPkt    OutQ   Flaps Last Up/Dwn State|#Active/Received/Accepted/Damped...
10.0.1.1             64512        249        211       0       0     1:32:42 Establ
  bgp.l3vpn.0: 2/2/2/0
  bgp.l3vpn-inet6.0: 2/2/2/0
  jcnr-3.inet.0: 2/2/2/0
  jcnr-3.inet6.0: 2/2/2/0</codeblock>Refer the <xref href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/bgp/index.html" format="html" scope="external">BGP User Guide</xref> for more information. </section>
    <section id="section_dly_1xv_ryb">
      <title>IS-IS</title>
      <p>The IS-IS protocol is an interior gateway protocol (IGP) that uses link-state information
        to make routing decisions. IS-IS is a link-state IGP that uses the shortest-path-first (SPF)
        algorithm to determine routes. IS-IS evaluates the topology changes and determines whether
        to perform a full SPF recalculation or a partial route calculation (PRC). IS-IS uses hello
        packets that allow network convergence to occur quickly when network changes are detected.
        The cloud-native router supports IS-IS. </p>
      <p>Here is an example to configure IS-IS protocol on the cloud-native router:</p>
      <codeblock>set security forwarding-options family iso mode packet-based
set interfaces eno3v0 unit 0 family inet address 10.100.12.1/30
set interfaces eno3v0 unit 0 family iso
set interfaces lo0 unit 0 family inet address 192.168.0.1/32
set interfaces lo0 unit 0 family iso address 49.0002.0192.0168.0001.00
set protocols isis interface eno3v0
set protocols isis interface lo0.0</codeblock>
      <p>You can issue the <codeph>show isis adjacency</codeph> and <codeph>show isis
          interface</codeph> commands to verify the protocol configuration. Refer the <xref href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/is-is/index.html" format="html" scope="external">IS-IS User Guide</xref> for information.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_fjd_1tc_5yb">
      <title>OSPF</title>
      <p>OSPF is an interior gateway protocol (IGP) that routes packets within a single autonomous
        system (AS). OSPF uses link-state information to make routing decisions, making route
        calculations using the shortest-path-first (SPF) algorithm (also referred to as the Dijkstra
        algorithm). Each router running OSPF floods link-state advertisements throughout the AS or
        area that contain information about that router’s attached interfaces and routing metrics.
        Each router uses the information in these link-state advertisements to calculate the least
        cost path to each network and create a routing table for the protocol. The cloud-native
        router supports OSPF version 2 (OSPFv2) and OSPF version 3 (OSPFv3). Here is an example to
        configure IS-IS protocol on the cloud-native router:</p>
      <codeblock>set protocols ospf area 0.0.0.0 interface bond0
set protocols ospf area 0.0.0.0 interface lo passive</codeblock>
      <p>Once you bring up the pods, verify the OSPF configuration:</p>
      <codeblock>show ospf neighbor
Address          Interface              State           ID               Pri  Dead
192.168.123.254  bond0                  Full            123.1.1.254      128    36</codeblock>
      <codeblock><b>user@host&gt;</b> show route 1.1.24.24

inet.0: 27 destinations, 29 routes (27 active, 0 holddown, 0 hidden)
+ = Active Route, - = Last Active, * = Both

1.1.24.24/32       *[OSPF/10] 00:07:08, metric 2
                    &gt;  to 192.168.123.254 via bond0</codeblock>
      <p>Refer the <xref href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/ospf/index.html" format="html" scope="external">OSPF User Guide</xref> for more information.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>