<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_b2e72d2fc490b097-645c59e9-18817f4f2c4--7dea" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Security Groups</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Starting in Juniper Cloud-Native Router Release 22.4, you control the types of traffic with
      the use of security groups when you use cloud-native router in L3 mode.</p>
    <p>A security group is a container for security group rules. Security groups and security group
      rules allow administrators to specify the type of traffic that passes through an interface
      port. When you create a pod in a virtual network (VN), you can associate a security group with
      the pod and its virtual machine interface (VMI). The VMI is the interface connecting the pod
      to the vrouter-dpdk. When the cloud-native router launches the pod, it applies the rules in
      the security group to the pod's VMI port. If you do not specify a security group for the pod,
      the cloud-native router associates a default security group with the pod's VMI. The default
      security group rule is to allow all traffic to and from the port. The default security group
      allows both ingress and egress traffic. Security rules can be added to the default security
      group to change the traffic behavior.</p>
    <p>You can apply each rule in the security group to either ingress or egress traffic. Ingress
      traffic is the traffic coming to the pod's VMI. Egress traffic is the traffic that leaves the
      pod through the VMI.</p>

    <section><title>Configuration Example</title>With the Cloud-Native Router, you configure
      networking policy, including security groups, locally using gRPC messages from the
      cloud-native router controller (cRPD). You can configure security groups using API calls,
      NETCONF, or <xref href="monitor-jcnr-via-cli.dita#xd_6125e4cfce7ca699--4d0aca3e-187b15105b2--7cfa/section_tqb_z4k_3xb">by accessing the cRPD shell</xref>. Use the <userinput>edit routing-options flow
        security-group <varname>security group name</varname> rule <varname>rule name</varname>
      </userinput> command hierarchy. For
        example:<codeblock>set routing-options flow security-group sg rule rule-1 match destination 40.0.0.1/24
set routing-options flow security-group sg rule rule-1 match source 1.1.1.2/30
set routing-options flow security-group sg rule rule-1 then discard
set interfaces vhostnet1-2ea6a5c8-90ed-4c78-9c unit 0 security-group sg</codeblock><p>You
        can verify the flow tables in the <xref href="troubleshooting-vrouter.dita#xd_6125e4cfce7ca699--4d0aca3e-187b15105b2--7c86/section_dsy_dhh_hxb">vRouter shell</xref> using the <codeph>flow -l</codeph> command. For
      example:</p><codeblock>$ flow -l
Flow table(size 161218560, entries 629760)

Entries: Created 10913 Added 10913 Deleted 21824 Changed 21847Processed 10913 Used Overflow entries 0
(Created Flows/CPU: 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 10913 0)(oflows 0)

Action:F=Forward, D=Drop N=NAT(S=SNAT, D=DNAT, Ps=SPAT, Pd=DPAT, L=Link Local Port)
Other:K(nh)=Key_Nexthop, S(nh)=RPF_Nexthop
Flags:E=Evicted, Ec=Evict Candidate, N=New Flow, M=Modified Dm=Delete Marked
TCP(r=reverse):S=SYN, F=FIN, R=RST, C=HalfClose, E=Established, D=Dead

Index                Source:Port/Destination:Port                      Proto(V)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
86900&lt;=&gt;368972       1.1.1.2:1234                                        6 (4)
40.0.0.1:5678 
(Gen: 10, K(nh):13, <b>Action:D(SG)</b>, Flags:, TCP:, QOS:-1, S(nh):13,  Stats:19680480/1180828800,   
SPort 55245, TTL 0, Sinfo 4.0.0.0)

368972&lt;=&gt;86900        40.0.0.1:5678                                       6 (4)
1.1.1.2:1234 
(Gen: 217, K(nh):13, Action:D(Unknown), Flags:, TCP:, QOS:-1, S(nh):26, 
Stats:0/0,  SPort 57268, TTL 0, Sinfo 0.0.0.0)</codeblock></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>