<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_ef094a73502120b8--51ca2f83-1889e4c7645--7da4" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Virtual Routing Instance (VRF-Lite)</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to understand the implementation of virtual routing instances in JCNR. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>Virtual routing instances allow administrators to divide the cloud-native router into
      multiple independent virtual routers, each with its own routing table. Splitting a device into
      many virtual routing instances isolates traffic traveling across the network without requiring
      multiple devices to segment the network. You can use virtual routing instances to isolate
      customer traffic on your network and to bind customer-specific instances to customer-owned
      interfaces. Virtual routing and forwarding (VRF) is often used in conjunction with Layer 3
      subinterfaces, allowing traffic on a single physical interface to be differentiated and
      associated with multiple virtual routers. Each logical Layer 3 subinterface can belong to only
      one routing instance. Review the <xref format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/multicast-l2/topics/topic-map/virtual-routing-instances.html" scope="external">Virtual Router Instances</xref> topic for more
      information.</p>
    <section id="section_wsz_gdr_dzb">
      <title>Configuration</title>
      <p>You can create a virtual routing instance in <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>via a network attachment definition (NAD)
        manifest. Here is an example NAD to create a <codeph>bluenet</codeph> virtual router routing
        instance:</p>
      <codeblock id="codeblock_i5x_f2r_dzb">apiVersion: "k8s.cni.cncf.io/v1"
kind: NetworkAttachmentDefinition
metadata:
  name: blue
spec:
  config: '{
    "cniVersion":"0.4.0",
    "name": "blue-net",
    "plugins": [
      {
        "type": "jcnr",
        "args": {
          "instanceName": "bluenet",
          "instanceType": "virtual-router"
        },
        "kubeConfig":"/root/.kube/config"
      }
    ]
  }'</codeblock>
      <p>Note the <codeph>instanceType</codeph> is set to <codeph>virtual-router</codeph>. Refer to
          <xref href="config-examples-overview.dita"/> for more information on
        NAD.</p>
      <p>Here is an example configuration for a <codeph>podblue</codeph> pod with an interface
          (<codeph>192.168.11.10/24)</codeph> attached to the <codeph>blue</codeph> network (output
        is trimmed for brevity):</p>
      <codeblock id="codeblock_pnq_sfr_dzb">apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: podblue
  annotations:
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: |
      [
        {
          "name": "blue",
          "interface":"net1",
          "cni-args": {
            "interfaceType":"veth",
            "dataplane":"dpdk",
            "mac":"aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:10",
            "ipConfig":{
              "ipv4":{
                "address":"192.168.11.10/24",
                "gateway":"192.168.11.1",
                "routes":["192.168.11.0/24"]
              },
              "ipv6":{
                "address":"abcd::192.168.11.10/112",
                "gateway":"abcd::192.168.11.1",
                "routes":["abcd::192.168.11.0/112"]
              }
            }
          }
        }
      ]
spec:
...</codeblock>
      <p>As you apply the NAD and the pod manifests using the <codeph>kubectl apply -f
            <varname>manifest</varname></codeph> command, the <codeph>bluenet</codeph> routing
        instance and <codeph>bluenet.inet.0</codeph> routing table is created in the <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>controller. You can configure <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>to enable communication from <codeph>podblue</codeph> to
        pods on the remote network. </p>
      <note id="note_k1m_cxn_sbc">
        <p>Use the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-deployment-guide.crpd-customization-node-configlet">configlet resource</xref> to configure the cRPD pods.</p>
      </note>
      <p>Here is an example cRPD configuration:</p>
      <ol>
        <li><p>Configure the local fabric interface and the BGP
            protocol:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_sfz_13r_dzb">set interfaces ens2f0 unit 0 family inet address 10.10.10.11/24
set protocols bgp group overlay type internal
set protocols bgp group overlay local-address 10.10.10.11
set protocols bgp group overlay local-as 64520
set protocols bgp group overlay neighbor 10.10.10.12 peer-as 64520</codeblock><p>where
              <codeph>10.10.10.12/24</codeph> is the IP address of the BGP peer or neighbor router.
          </p></li>
        <li><p>Export the <codeph>inet</codeph> routes using the BGP
          protocol:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_sdl_r3r_dzb">set policy-options policy-statement send_direct term 1 from protocol direct
set policy-options policy-statement send_direct term 1 then accept
set policy-options policy-statement send_direct term reject then reject
set protocols bgp group overlay export send_direct</codeblock></li>
        <li><p>Leak the routes from the <codeph>bluenet</codeph> routing instance to the
              <codeph>default</codeph> routing
          instance:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_psx_53r_dzb">set groups cni routing-instances bluenet routing-options interface-routes rib-group inet blue_to_inet
set routing-options rib-groups blue_to_inet import-rib bluenet.inet.0
set routing-options rib-groups blue_to_inet import-rib inet.0</codeblock></li>
        <li><p>Leak only the BGP routes matching prefix <codeph>192.168.12.0</codeph> from
              <codeph>inet.0</codeph> to the <codeph>bluenet</codeph> routing instance, where
              <codeph>192.168.12.0/24</codeph> is the remote pod
          network:</p><codeblock id="codeblock_gvt_nkr_dzb">set policy-options policy-statement inet_to_blue term from_bgp from instance master
set policy-options policy-statement inet_to_blue term from_bgp from protocol bgp
set policy-options policy-statement inet_to_blue term from_bgp from route-filter 192.168.12.0/24 orlonger
set policy-options policy-statement inet_to_blue term from_bgp then accept
set policy-options policy-statement inet_to_blue term reject then reject
set routing-options rib-groups inet_to_blue import-rib inet.0
set routing-options rib-groups inet_to_blue import-rib bluenet.inet.0
set routing-options rib-groups inet_to_blue import-policy inet_to_blue
set groups cni routing-instances bluenet routing-options instance-import inet_to_blue</codeblock></li>
      </ol>
      <note id="note_twn_s4r_dzb">
        <p><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports route leaking between virtual router routing instances for routes with
          interface, receive, resolve and table next-hops.</p>
      </note>
    </section>
  </conbody>

  <related-links>
    <link format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/static-routing/topics/ref/statement/rib-groups-edit-routing-options.html" scope="external">
      <linktext>Rib-Groups</linktext>
    </link>
  </related-links>
</concept>