<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_ef094a73502120b8--51ca2f83-1889e4c7645--7f43" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol (VRRP)</title>
  <shortdesc>Read this topic to learn about the support for the Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol
    (VRRP) in Juniper Cloud-Native router. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>
    <p>The Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol (VRRP) enables hosts on a LAN to make use of redundant
      routing platforms on that LAN without requiring more than the static configuration of a single
      default route on the hosts. The VRRP routing platforms share the IP address corresponding to
      the default route configured on the hosts. At any time, one of the VRRP routing platforms is
      the primary (active) and the others are backups. If the primary routing platform fails, one of
      the backup routing platforms becomes the new primary routing platform, providing a virtual
      default routing platform and enabling traffic on the LAN to be routed without relying on a
      single routing platform. Using VRRP, a backup device can take over a failed default device
      within a few seconds. This is done with minimum VRRP traffic and without any interaction with
      the hosts. When <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>is deployed in the containerized network function (CNF) mode in cloud
      deployments, the VRRP unicast can be used to decide between the active and backup <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>nodes.
      Review the <xref format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/high-availability/topics/topic-map/vrrp-understanding.html" scope="external">Understanding VRRP</xref> topic for more information.</p>
    <note>
      <p>To enable VRRP for <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native Router <?oxy_insert_end?>on an EKS cluster, a ConfigMap must be configured. Please review
          <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-deployment-guide.system-resource-requirements-eks/section_b5d_xzg_vyb"/> topic for more information</p>
    </note>
  </conbody>

  <related-links/>
</concept>