<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_6125e4cfce7ca699--4d0aca3e-187b15105b2--7ce7" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Logging and Notifications</title>
  <abstract>
    <shortdesc>Read this topic to learn about logging and notification functions in Juniper
      Cloud-Native Router. We discuss the location of log files, what you can log, and various log
      levels. You can also learn about the available notifications and how the notifications are
      implemented in the Cloud-Native Router.</shortdesc>
  </abstract>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>

  <conbody>

    <section>
      <title>Logging</title>
      <p>The system stores log files from all the Cloud-Native Router pods and containers in the
          <filepath>log_path</filepath> directory. You can configure the location of the log files
        at the deployment time by retaining or changing the value of the
          <filepath>log_path</filepath> key in the <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> helm chart. By
        default, the location of the log files is <filepath>/var/log/jcnr</filepath>. </p>
      <p>The Juniper Cloud-Native Router pods and containers use syslog as their logging mechanism.
        The syslog-ng pod stores event notification data in JSON format on the host server. By
        default, the file location is <filepath>/var/log/jcnr</filepath> and the filename is
          <filepath>jcnr_notifications.json</filepath>. You can change the location and filename by
        changing the value of the <filepath>syslog_notifications</filepath> key in the
          <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> helm chart when installing the Cloud-Native Router. You can
        disable syslog logging by configuring the <codeph>installSyslog</codeph> parameter as false
        in the <codeph>values.yaml</codeph> helm chart. Please review the <xref keyref="cloud-native-router-deployment-guide.deployment-config-files-bms">Customizing
          Cloud-Native Router Helm Chart</xref> for more details.</p>
      <p>When you use the default file locations, the <filepath>/var/log/jcnr</filepath> directory
        displays the following files:</p>
      <codeblock>[root@jcnr-01 jcnr]# ls
action.log                    contrail-vrouter-dpdk-init.log  filter                   l2cos.log      __policy_names_rpdc__
contrail-vrouter-agent.log    contrail-vrouter-dpdk.log       filter.log               license        mgd-api        
__policy_names_rpdn__         cos                             jcnr-cni.log             messages       mosquitto                 
vrouter-kernel-init.log       cscript.log                     jcnr_notifications.json  messages.0.gz  na-grpcd</codeblock>
      <note> The host server must manage the log rotation for the
          <filepath>contrail-vrouter-dpdk.log</filepath> and the <filepath>jcnr-cni.log</filepath>
        files.</note>
    </section>
    <section id="section_pnn_fg1_hxb"><title>Notifications</title>The syslog-ng pod continuously
      monitors the preceding log files for notification events such as interface up, interface down,
      interface add, and so on. When these events appear in a log file, syslog-ng converts the log
      events into notification events and stores the events in JSON format within the
        <filepath>syslog_notifications</filepath> file configured in the
        <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> file. <p>Here is a sample of syslog-ng notifications:</p><table>
        <title>Supported Notifications</title>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Notification</entry>
              <entry>Source Pod</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>License Near Expiry​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>License Expired</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>License Invalid​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>License OK​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>License Grace Period</entry>
              <entry>cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>License Not Present</entry>
              <entry>cRPD</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router Init Success​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>Deployer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router Init Failure​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>Deployer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Graceful Shutdown Request</entry>
              <entry>Deployer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Graceful Shutdown Complete</entry>
              <entry>Deployer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Graceful Shutdown Failure</entry>
              <entry>Deployer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Restart</entry>
              <entry>Deployer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Upgrade Success</entry>
              <entry>Deployer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Upgrade Failure</entry>
              <entry>Deployer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Upstream Fabric Bond Member Link Up​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Upstream Fabric Bond Member Link Down​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Upstream Fabric Bond Link Up​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Upstream Fabric Bond Link Down​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Upstream Fabric Bond Link Switchover</entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Downstream Fabric Link Up​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Downstream Fabric Link Down​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Appliance Link Up​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Appliance Link Down​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Any Cloud-Native Router Application Critical Errors​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Any Cloud-Native Router Application Warnings</entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Any Cloud-Native Router Application Info</entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Cloud-Native Router Rate Limits Reached</entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router MAC Table Limit Reached​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router CLI Start​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>cRPD or vRouter-Agent</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router CLI Stop​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>cRPD or vRouter-Agent</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router Kernel App Interface Up​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router Kernel App Interface Down​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router Virtio User Interface Up​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>
                <p>Cloud-Native Router Virtio User Interface Down​</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Purel2 Macmove Loop Detected</entry>
              <entry>vRouter</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>