<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_7dcfbfe1ba4dc5dc-7ebe5c88-193f1fa3b32--7faf" xml:lang="en-US">
  <!--Use the Concept template to introduce a new product or functionality. Also use this template to provide high-level explanations, definitions of key concepts, terminology, or general background information. Limit one topic to one theme or subject.-->
  <!--For <title>, follow these guidelines:
- Avoid the gerund form and minimize the use of “Understanding.” 
- Use "[Feature] Overview" if the topic is indeed an overview. 
- Use the feature name as the topic title for very long feature names. 
- Use the Who, What, Where, When, Why, or How (not How to) phrase to describe a specific aspect of a product, feature, or user scenario.-->
  <title>Loop Detection in Pure L2 Mode</title>
  <shortdesc>Juniper Cloud-Native Router supports Layer 2 loop detection mechanisms by detecting
    frequent MAC address movements between ports. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Juniper Cloud-Native Router supports Layer 2 loop detection mechanism in the vRouter data
      path. Frequent MAC address movements between ports, many a times resulting from incorrect
      wiring, can result in L2 loops, resulting in network instability, broadcast storms, and
      degragded performance. Traditional loop detection mechanisms such as Spanning Tree Protocol
      (STP) may not always be feasible in modern data center environments. </p>
    <p>Cloud-Native Router implements a loop detection mechanism that identifies MAC address
      learning loops by monitoring the frequency of MAC address movements between ports. The vRouter
      uses the MAC-MOVE table to track these MAC movemements, including source MAC, VLAN tag, hit
      count, and timestamp. The vRouter detects high hit counts on the same MAC address entry in the
      MAC_MOVE table, indicating continuous movement of the MAC address between two ports within a
      short interval of time.</p>
    <p>You can use the <b><codeph>rt --show-mac-move --family bridge</codeph></b> command on the
        <xref href="accessing-vrouter-cli.dita">vRouter shell</xref> to view
      the MAC move:</p>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_yzl_j4j_rdc">bash-5.1# <b>rt --family bridge --show-mac-move</b>

MAC Move Detection Table
==========================================================
MAC Address          BDID         Hit Count    Timestamp           
==========================================================
00:01:01:01:01:03    12          46           1731038878                    
==========================================================
Total Entries: 1 / 10000 (Used/Capacity)</codeblock>
    <p>The vRouter also logs the detected loop and shuts down affected ports. </p>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_f4x_q3n_xdc">2024-11-18 06:14:19,130 DPCORE: NOTIFICATION, CRIT, Purel2 Macmove Loop Detected, mac 00:01:01:01:01:03, vlan 1221, Current Port 5, Older Port 1, hitcount 52
2024-11-18 06:14:19,130 VROUTER: Func: dpdk_port_shutdown, Line 1296, Shutting Down Port 0 of Vif 5
2024-11-18 06:14:19,343 lcore 17 called tx_pkt_burst for not ready port (
2024-11-18 06:14:23,242 VROUTER: Port ID: 4 Link Status: DOWN intf _name:0000:d8:00.0 drv_name:net_ixgbe

2024-11-18 06:14:23,242 VROUTER: Notifed Link status update to agent for interface 0000: d8:00.0 as 0
2024-11-18 06:14:36,299 DPCORE: vr_purel2_mac_move_table_req_process vr_purel2_mac_move_table_req 456 received OP 1

2024-11-18 06 14:38,133 DPCORE: vr_purel2_mac_move_table_req_process vr_purel2_mac_move_table_req 456 received OP 1</codeblock>
    <p>A Syslog notification is also generated when the loop is detected:</p>
    <codeblock id="codeblock_cfy_fjn_xdc">{"jcnr": {"header": {"sysUpTime": "40 days, 11 hours, 35 minutes, 45 seconds" 45 "program": "vrouter-dpdk", "notificationType": "DPCORE: ", "eventDate": "2024-12-02T21:32:23-08:00"} , "body": "NOTIFICATION, CRIT, Purel2 Macmove Loop Detected, mac 00:01:01:01:01:03, vlan 1221. Current Port 4, Older Port 2, hitcount 51"}}</codeblock>
  </conbody>
</concept>