<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//Juniper//DTD DITA 1.3 Concept//EN" "/SysSchema/dita13/dtd/subsection/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="xd_c0b3c49bbf8a8319--891c1fe-191b8839e55--7fe1" xml:lang="en-US">
  <!--Use the Concept template to introduce a new product or functionality. Also use this template to provide high-level explanations, definitions of key concepts, terminology, or general background information. Limit one topic to one theme or subject.-->
  <!--For <title>, follow these guidelines:
- Avoid the gerund form and minimize the use of “Understanding.” 
- Use "[Feature] Overview" if the topic is indeed an overview. 
- Use the feature name as the topic title for very long feature names. 
- Use the Who, What, Where, When, Why, or How (not How to) phrase to describe a specific aspect of a product, feature, or user scenario.-->
  <title>TI-LFA Overview</title>
  <prolog>
    <author>tkaur</author>
    <data name="cli-help-filename"/>
    <data name="cli-help-text"/>
    <data name="jweb-help-filename"/>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p><?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native
      Router <?oxy_insert_end?>supports implementing Topology-Independent Loop-Free Alternates
      (TI-LFA) with fast reroute (FRR) in SR-MPLS. In the sections below we will look at
      <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native
      Router <?oxy_insert_end?>TI-LFA implementation in detail.<subsection id="subsection_ond_15l_pcc">
        <title>Fast Reroute (FRR)</title>
        <p>Fast Reroute (FRR) technology is used in modern routing protocols to minimize disruption
          and packet loss in the event of a network failure. Unlike traditional routing protocols,
          FRR speeds up the convergence process by proactively pre-computing backup paths for
          critical traffic flows. The backup paths are readily available and instantly activated
          upon failure, ensuring minimum loss of data communication. </p>
        <p>Loop-Free Alternates (LFAs) play a critical role in FRR implementations. LFAs are
          pre-calculated, loop-free backup paths that are leveraged by FRR protocols to quicky
          switch traffic to the chosen backup path. </p>
        <p>There are two key aspects to FRR:</p>
      </subsection></p>
    <ul id="ul_bzb_42s_ryb">
      <li>
        <p>Detection:</p>
        <ul id="ul_hvy_x5l_pcc">
          <li>
            <p>Fault Detection—Rapidly identify link or node failures within a network through
              continuous monitoring of network elements.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>Detection Methods—Applying one of the various methods for fault detection, including
              proactive methods such as periodic link probing or reactive methods that sense failure
              when it occurs. In some cases Bidirectional Forwarding Detection (BFD) may be used for
              quick fault detection.
              <?oxy_delete author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700" content="JCNR "?><?oxy_insert_start author="administrator" timestamp="20241127T030800-0700"?>Cloud-Native
              Router <?oxy_insert_end?>detects failure by monitoring the link status events from the
              Poll Mode Driver (PMD). </p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>Handling:</p>
        <ul id="ul_emv_kvl_pcc">
          <li>
            <p>Precomputed Backup Paths—Using predetermined and optimised backup paths that are
              quickly activated when a failure is detected.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>Fast Switchover—Network devices participating in the FRR process quickly switching to
              precomputed backup paths to minimize the impact on the network's forwarding
              capabilities.</p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>The control plane is responsible for preparing the backup paths and detecting when failure
      occurs. It also re-calculates the best path based on the updated network topology and
      propagates information about the new path to other routers in the network. This ensures the
      network converges to the optimal path in the long run. The data plane is responsible for
      quickly failing over to the backup path in the event of a failure detection. Typically, with
      LFA implementations, pre-configured forwarding entries or next-hop information for the LFA are
      already installed on the router. The data plane also adjusts its forwarding tables when it
      receives a new path from the control plane upon re-calculation. Efficient communication
      between the control and data planes is critical to minimize lag in traffic reroute, ensuring
      reduced downtime, improved performance and enhanced
        reliability.<?oxy_insert_start author="tkaur" timestamp="20251112T164402+0000"?><subsection id="subsection_xxb_4xc_hhc">
        <title/>
      </subsection><?oxy_insert_end?></p>
    <?oxy_insert_start author="tkaur" timestamp="20251212T223022+0000"?>
    <section id="section_hsn_3v4_phc">
      <title>Topology-Independent Loop-Free Alternates (TI-LFA)</title>
      <p>IS-IS and OSPF can calculate LFA backup paths in a plain IP network. However, the LFA
        feature requires any backup path to be guaranteed loop-free. For this reason, in a plain IP
        network, LFA cannot offer backup paths to every single known destination. LFA only offers
        partial topology coverage. TI-LFA is a topology independent implementation of LFA. TI-LFA
        can push a Segment ID stack that can navigate around any potential loops along the backup
        path. In other words, backup paths can be calculated independent of the topology. It defines
        LFAs based on the traffic flow itself and can function effectively regardless of the
        underlying network layout. TI-LFA uses the pre-computed post-convergence path of the routing
        protocol. TI-LFA finds the path that would be calculated in the event of a particular link
        or node failure, and uses that exact path as the backup path. This is not always possible in
        regular LFA, due to the requirement for a loop-free backup path. By using the
        post-convergence path, TI-LFA reduces jitter during failover and the network operator only
        needs to ensure the network has enough capacity to carry the traffic on the post-convergence
        path after a failure. TI-LFA has multiple advantages:</p>
      <ul id="ul_adw_xwq_pcc">
        <li>
          <p>Simplified configuration—TI-LFA automatically computes backup paths, eliminating the
            need to manually configurate LFAs for each network element.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Faster failover—TI-LFA uses the pre-computed post-convergence path of the routing
            protocol that enables it to activate backup paths significantly faster than traditional
            LFAs.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Improved scalability—TI-LFA scales efficiently in large and complex networks because it
            is topology independent in contrast to LDP and RSVP which require additional state to
            create backup paths.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p>Cloud-Native Router supports TI-LFA for SR-MPLS implementations with link and node failure
        protection. You can read more about <xref format="html" href="https://www.juniper.net/documentation/us/en/software/junos/is-is/topics/concept/understanding-ti-lfa-for-is-is.html" scope="external">TI-LFA</xref> in the Junos documentation.</p>
      <p>An IGP identifies the primary and post-convergence (backup for TI-LFA) paths for a prefix
        based on its criterion. The paths are associated with a weight metric to signify priority
        (numerically lower the weight, higher the priority). The paths are calculated during the
        network's initial setup and stored in the routers' forwarding tables. </p>
      <p>When link protection is implemented, TI-LFA uses the pre-computed post-convergence path of
        the routing protocol as the backup path to bypass a protected link. When an upstream node
        detects a link failure, it immediately initiates the pre-computed backup path to reroute the
        packet, bypassing the failed failed link. </p>
      <p>When node protection is implemented, TI-LFA uses the pre-computed post-convergence path of
        the routing protocol as the backup path to bypass a protected node's Segment Identifier
        (SID). When an upstream node detects an intermediate node failure, it immediately initiates
        the pre-computed backup path to reroute the packet, bypassing the failed node entirely. This
        process ensures minimal packet loss and maintains network connectivity even in the event of
        node failures. </p>
      <p>When both link-protection and node-protection are implemented, the Cloud-Native Router
        prefers backup paths that avoid the failed node entirely, rather than just the failed link. </p>
      <p>The Cloud-Native Router control plane (cRPD) sends the primary and backup path to the data
        plane via the vRouter agent. The vRouter data plane implements FRR by identifying the
        primary path and quickly switching over to backup path if a link failure was detected. </p>
      <p>Key points to note about the Cloud-Native Router TI-LFA implementation:</p>
      <?oxy_insert_end?>
      <ul id="ul_qf3_4ft_pcc">
        <li>
          <p>TI-LFA is supported for SR-MPLS on IS-IS implementations.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>TI-LFA is supported for SR-MPLS on OSPF implementations (Tech Preview Feature Only)</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>TI-LFA is supported when Cloud-Native Router is deployed as head-end, transit or egress
            node in an SR-MPLS domain.</p>
        </li>
        <li>Both TI-LFA node and link protection are supported.</li>
        <li>
          <p>Multiple primary and single backup path is supported.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Both physical and bond interfaces are supported (FRR is triggered for bond interfaces
            only if all the links in the bond are down).</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>BGP Multipath with underlay ECMP deployments are supported.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>FRR is triggered based on link status events detected by the Poll Mode Drivers (PMD)
            followed by Interior Gateway Protocol (IGP) updates.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <?oxy_insert_start author="tkaur" timestamp="20251212T223022+0000"?>
    </section>
    <?oxy_insert_end?>
  </conbody>
</concept><?oxy_options track_changes="on"?>